## scene i. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) owchawd o-of owivew's house. ʘwʘ
#### e-entew owwando and adam
### o-owwando
as i wemembew, o.O adam, i-it was upon this fashion

bequeathed m-me by wiww but poow a thousand cwowns, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

a-and, >w< as thou sayest, rawr x3 chawged my b-bwothew, (˘ω˘) on his

b-bwessing, (///ˬ///✿) to bweed m-me weww: and thewe begins my

sadness. (///ˬ///✿) my bwothew jaques he keeps at schoow, (///ˬ///✿) and

wepowt speaks g-gowdenwy of his pwofit: fow my pawt, (U ﹏ U)

he keeps me wusticawwy at home, (⑅˘꒳˘) ow, (///ˬ///✿) to s-speak mowe

pwopewwy, (˘ω˘) s-stays me hewe at home unkept; f-fow caww you

that keeping fow a gentweman of my biwth, o.O that

d-diffews nyot fwom the stawwing o-of an ox? his h-howses

awe bwed b-bettew; fow, besides t-that they awe faiw

with theiw f-feeding, rawr x3 they awe taught theiw manage, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

and t-to that end widews d-deawwy hiwed: b-but i, OwO his

bwothew, σωσ gain nyothing undew him but gwowth; fow the

w-which his animaws on his dunghiwws a-awe as much

bound to him as i. σωσ besides this nyothing that he so

pwentifuwwy g-gives me, σωσ the something that natuwe gave

me h-his countenance seems to take fwom me: he wets

m-me feed with his h-hinds, (˘ω˘) baws me t-the pwace of a

bwothew, OwO and, as much as in him wies, òωó mines my

gentiwity with my education. σωσ this is it, (⑅˘꒳˘) adam, t-that

gwieves me; a-and the spiwit o-of my fathew, w-which i

think is w-within me, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) begins t-to mutiny against this

sewvitude: i wiww nyo w-wongew enduwe it, rawr x3 though yet i

k-know nyo wise wemedy how to avoid i-it. σωσ

### adam
y-yondew comes my mastew, -.- youw bwothew. ʘwʘ

### owwando
go apawt, σωσ adam, σωσ a-and thou shawt heaw how he wiww

shake me up. σωσ

#### e-entew owivew
### owivew
nyow, (U ﹏ U) siw! nyani make you hewe?

### o-owwando
nyothing: i am nyot t-taught to make a-any thing. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### o-owivew
what maw y-you then, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) siw?

### owwando
mawwy, s-siw, (U ﹏ U) i am hewping y-you to maw t-that which god

made, ʘwʘ a poow unwowthy b-bwothew of youws, UwU with idweness. UwU

### owivew
m-mawwy, (˘ω˘) siw, b-be bettew empwoyed, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and be nyaught a-awhiwe. -.-

### owwando
shaww i k-keep youw hogs and e-eat husks with them?

what pwodigaw p-powtion have i-i spent, OwO that i-i shouwd

come to such penuwy?

### o-owivew
know you whewe youw a-awe, OwO siw?

### o-owwando
o, (///ˬ///✿) siw, v-vewy weww; hewe in youw owchawd. (U ﹏ U)

### o-owivew
know y-you befowe whom, (⑅˘꒳˘) siw?

### owwando
a-ay, UwU bettew t-than him i am befowe k-knows me. (U ᵕ U❁) i k-know

you awe my e-ewdest bwothew; and, (U ﹏ U) in the gentwe

condition o-of bwood, rawr x3 you shouwd so know me. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) t-the

couwtesy of nyations awwows you my bettew, (U ᵕ U❁) in that

you awe the fiwst-bown; but the same twadition

takes n-nyot away my bwood, ʘwʘ w-wewe thewe twenty bwothews

betwixt us: i have a-as much of my f-fathew in me as

y-you; awbeit, (U ᵕ U❁) i confess, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) youw coming befowe me i-is

nyeawew to his wevewence. (///ˬ///✿)

### o-owivew
what, (///ˬ///✿) b-boy! (U ﹏ U)

### owwando
come, >w< come, ewdew b-bwothew, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) you a-awe too young in t-this. (˘ω˘)

### owivew
wiwt thou way hands on me, -.- viwwain?

### owwando
i am nyo viwwain; i-i am the youngest son of s-siw

wowwand de b-boys; he was my fathew, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and he is thwice

a viwwain t-that says such a-a fathew begot viwwains. σωσ

wewt thou nyot my bwothew, -.- i-i wouwd nyot take this hand

fwom thy thwoat tiww this othew h-had puwwed out thy

tongue f-fow saying so: thou h-hast waiwed o-on thysewf. o.O

### adam
sweet mastews, >w< be patient: f-fow youw fathew's

w-wemembwance, >w< be at accowd. (˘ω˘)

### o-owivew
wet me g-go, (///ˬ///✿) i say.

### owwando
i wiww nyot, (///ˬ///✿) tiww i pwease: y-you shaww heaw me. (U ᵕ U❁) my

fathew chawged you in his wiww to give me good

education: you have t-twained me wike a peasant,

obscuwing and hiding fwom me aww gentweman-wike

quawities. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) t-the spiwit o-of my fathew g-gwows stwong in

m-me, (⑅˘꒳˘) and i wiww n-nyo wongew enduwe it: thewefowe a-awwow

me such e-exewcises as may b-become a gentweman, òωó ow

give me the poow awwottewy m-my fathew weft m-me by

testament; with that i w-wiww go buy my f-fowtunes. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### owivew
and nyani wiwt thou do? beg, ʘwʘ when that is spent?

weww, (˘ω˘) siw, g-get you in: i w-wiww nyot wong be twoubwed

with y-you; you shaww h-have some pawt of youw wiww: i

p-pway you, rawr x3 weave me.

### owwando
i wiww nyo fuwthew offend you than becomes me f-fow my good. rawr x3

### owivew
get you w-with him, -.- you owd dog. ʘwʘ

### adam
is 'owd dog' my wewawd? most twue, ʘwʘ i have wost my

teeth in youw sewvice. >w< god be with my owd mastew! ʘwʘ

he wouwd nyot have spoke such a wowd. òωó

#### e-exeunt owwando and adam
### o-owivew
is it even so? begin you to gwow upon me? i-i wiww

physic youw wankness, (///ˬ///✿) and y-yet give nyo thousand

cwowns n-nyeithew. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) howwa, (U ᵕ U❁) d-dennis!

#### entew dennis
### d-dennis
cawws youw w-wowship?

### o-owivew
was nyot c-chawwes, (ꈍᴗꈍ) the duke's wwestwew, >w< hewe t-to speak with m-me?

### dennis
so pwease you, òωó he is hewe at the doow and impowtunes

access to y-you. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### owivew
c-caww him in. (˘ω˘)

#### exit dennis
'twiww be a good way; and to-mowwow t-the wwestwing i-is. rawr x3

#### entew chawwes
### c-chawwes
good mowwow to youw wowship. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### owivew
g-good monsieuw chawwes, ʘwʘ nani's the n-nyew nyews at the

nyew couwt?

### chawwes
thewe's nyo nyews a-at the couwt, (ꈍᴗꈍ) siw, b-but the owd n-nyews:

that is, (U ﹏ U) the owd duke is banished by his youngew

bwothew the nyew duke; a-and thwee ow fouw w-woving wowds

h-have put themsewves i-into vowuntawy exiwe with him, o.O

whose wands and wevenues enwich the nyew duke;

t-thewefowe he g-gives them good weave to wandew. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### o-owivew
can y-you teww if wosawind, OwO the duke's d-daughtew, (U ᵕ U❁) be

b-banished with h-hew fathew?

### chawwes
o, >w< nyo; fow the duke's d-daughtew, >w< hew cousin, ʘwʘ s-so wuvs

hew, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) b-being evew fwom t-theiw cwadwes b-bwed togethew, UwU

that she wouwd have fowwowed hew e-exiwe, òωó ow have d-died

to stay b-behind hew. (⑅˘꒳˘) she is at the couwt, (⑅˘꒳˘) and nyo

wess bewuvd o-of hew uncwe t-than his own d-daughtew; and

nyevew t-two wadies w-wuvd as they do. σωσ

### owivew
whewe w-wiww the owd d-duke wive?

### chawwes
they say h-he is awweady in the fowest of a-awden, ʘwʘ and

a many mewwy men with h-him; and thewe they wive wike

t-the owd wobin hood of engwand: t-they say many young

gentwemen fwock to him evewy d-day, >w< and fweet t-the time

cawewesswy, as they did in the gowden w-wowwd. (U ﹏ U)

### owivew
what, OwO you wwestwe to-mowwow befowe the nyew duke?

### chawwes
mawwy, òωó do i, s-siw; and i came t-to acquaint you w-with a

mattew. (U ﹏ U) i-i am given, siw, OwO s-secwetwy to undewstand

that youw youngew bwothew o-owwando hath a-a disposition

to come in disguised a-against me to twy a faww. (///ˬ///✿)

t-to-mowwow, (///ˬ///✿) siw, i wwestwe fow my c-cwedit; and he that

escapes me w-without some bwoken w-wimb shaww a-acquit him

weww. o.O youw bwothew is b-but young and t-tendew; and, rawr x3

fow y-youw wuv, >w< i wouwd b-be woath to foiw him, (ꈍᴗꈍ) as i

must, rawr x3 fow my own honouw, UwU if he come in: thewefowe, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

o-out of my wuv to you, σωσ i came hithew to acquaint you

withaw, UwU that eithew you might stay him fwom his

intendment ow bwook such disgwace weww as he shaww

wun into, σωσ in that i-it is a thing of his own seawch

a-and awtogethew a-against my wiww. (˘ω˘)

### o-owivew
chawwes, (U ﹏ U) i-i thank thee fow thy wuv to me, (U ﹏ U) which

thou s-shawt find i wiww most kindwy wequite. (˘ω˘) i had

mysewf nyotice of my bwothew's puwpose h-hewein and

have by undewhand means wabouwed t-to dissuade h-him fwom

it, (U ﹏ U) but he is wesowute. σωσ i'ww teww thee, (˘ω˘) chawwes:

it is the stubbownest y-young fewwow of f-fwance, (˘ω˘) fuww

o-of ambition, (ꈍᴗꈍ) an e-envious emuwatow of evewy man's

g-good pawts, o.O a secwet a-and viwwanous c-contwivew against

me his nyatuwaw b-bwothew: thewefowe use thy

discwetion; i had as wief thou d-didst bweak his nyeck

as his f-fingew. o.O and thou wewt best wook t-to't; fow if

thou dost him any s-swight disgwace o-ow if he do nyot

m-mightiwy gwace h-himsewf on thee, h-he wiww pwactise

a-against thee b-by poison, entwap thee by some

t-tweachewous device a-and nevew weave thee tiww he

h-hath ta'en thy w-wife by some indiwect means ow o-othew;

fow, òωó i assuwe t-thee, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and awmost with teaws i-i speak

it, (˘ω˘) thewe i-is not one so young and so viwwanous this

day wiving. i speak b-but bwothewwy o-of him; but

shouwd i anatomize h-him to thee as h-he is, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i must

bwush and weep and t-thou must wook pawe and wondew. OwO

### chawwes
i-i am heawtiwy gwad i-i came hithew to you. UwU if he come

to-mowwow, o.O i-i'ww give him his p-payment: if evew h-he go

awone again, rawr x3 i'ww nyevew wwestwe fow pwize mowe: and

so god keep youw w-wowship! OwO

### owivew
f-faweweww, (U ﹏ U) g-good chawwes. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### exit chawwes
nyow wiww i stiw this gamestew: i hope i shaww see

an end of him; f-fow my souw, (U ﹏ U) yet i know nyot w-why, UwU

hates nyothing m-mowe than h-he. (ꈍᴗꈍ) yet he's gentwe, ʘwʘ nyevew

schoowed a-and yet weawned, (⑅˘꒳˘) f-fuww of nyobwe d-device, (U ᵕ U❁) of

a-aww sowts enchantingwy bewuvd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and indeed so much

i-in the heawt of the wowwd, and especiawwy of m-my own

peopwe, OwO who best know h-him, rawr x3 that i am awtogethew

m-mispwised: b-but it shaww n-nyot be so wong; this

wwestwew shaww cweaw aww: n-nyothing wemains b-but that

i k-kindwe the boy t-thithew; which nyow i'ww go about. (///ˬ///✿)

#### e-exit
