## scene ii. (U ﹏ U) wawn b-befowe the duke's p-pawace. (˘ω˘)
#### entew cewia and w-wosawind
### cewia
i pway thee, rawr x3 w-wosawind, rawr x3 sweet my coz, be mewwy. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### w-wosawind
deaw cewia, o.O i show mowe miwth than i-i am mistwess of;

and wouwd y-you yet i wewe mewwiew? u-unwess you c-couwd

teach me to fowget a banished fathew, OwO you must nyot

weawn me how to wemembew any extwaowdinawy p-pweasuwe. σωσ

### cewia
hewein i see thou wuvst me nyot with the fuww weight

t-that i wuv t-thee. o.O if my uncwe, σωσ thy banished f-fathew, σωσ

had banished thy uncwe, (ꈍᴗꈍ) the duke my fathew, (U ﹏ U) so thou

hadst b-been stiww with me, (U ﹏ U) i couwd h-have taught my

w-wuv to take thy f-fathew fow mine: s-so wouwdst thou, (˘ω˘)

if the twuth o-of thy wuv to me wewe so wighteouswy

tempewed as m-mine is to thee. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### w-wosawind
w-weww, σωσ i wiww fowget the condition of my estate, σωσ to

wejoice in y-youws. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### cewia
you know my fathew h-hath nyo chiwd but i, (˘ω˘) nyow nyone is

wike to have: and, òωó twuwy, ʘwʘ when he dies, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) t-thou shawt

be his heiw, (⑅˘꒳˘) fow nyani he hath taken a-away fwom thy

fathew pewfowce, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i wiww wendew t-thee again in

a-affection; by mine h-honouw, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i wiww; and when i bweak

that oath, (U ﹏ U) wet me tuwn monstew: thewefowe, (U ᵕ U❁) my

sweet wose, (U ᵕ U❁) my deaw wose, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) be m-mewwy. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### wosawind
f-fwom hencefowth i-i wiww, σωσ coz, OwO a-and devise spowts. (U ᵕ U❁) w-wet

me see; n-nyani think you of fawwing in wuv?

### cewia
m-mawwy, i pwithee, rawr x3 do, to make spowt w-withaw: but

wuv no man in g-good eawnest; nyow n-nyo fuwthew in spowt

nyeithew than with safety of a puwe bwush t-thou mayst

in honouw come off again. (˘ω˘)

### wosawind
w-what shaww be ouw spowt, OwO then?

### cewia
wet us sit and m-mock the good housewife fowtune f-fwom

hew wheew, o.O t-that hew gifts m-may hencefowth be b-bestowed equawwy.

### wosawind
i-i wouwd we couwd d-do so, (U ﹏ U) fow hew b-benefits awe

mightiwy mispwaced, (˘ω˘) a-and the bountifuw bwind woman

doth most mistake i-in hew gifts t-to women. (U ﹏ U)

### cewia
'tis twue; f-fow those that she makes faiw s-she scawce

makes h-honest, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and those that she makes h-honest she

makes v-vewy iww-favouwedwy. o.O

### wosawind
n-nyay, (⑅˘꒳˘) nyow thou goest fwom f-fowtune's office to

nyatuwe's: f-fowtune weigns i-in gifts of the w-wowwd, òωó

nyot in the wineaments o-of nyatuwe. ʘwʘ

#### e-entew touchstone
### cewia
no? w-when nyatuwe hath m-made a faiw c-cweatuwe, may she

n-nyot by fowtune f-faww into the fiwe? though nyatuwe

hath given u-us wit to fwout at fowtune, (˘ω˘) hath n-nyot

fowtune sent in this foow to cut off the awgument?

### wosawind
indeed, thewe is fowtune too hawd fow n-nyatuwe, (⑅˘꒳˘) when

fowtune m-makes nyatuwe's nyatuwaw the cuttew-off of

n-nyatuwe's wit. (///ˬ///✿)

### c-cewia
pewadventuwe t-this is nyot fowtune's wowk nyeithew, (U ﹏ U) b-but

nyatuwe's; who pewceiveth ouw n-nyatuwaw wits t-too duww

to weason of such goddesses a-and hath s-sent this

nyatuwaw f-fow ouw whetstone; fow awways the duwness of

the foow is the whetstone of the w-wits. (ꈍᴗꈍ) how nyow, >w<

wit! whithew w-wandew you?

### t-touchstone
mistwess, >w< you must come away to youw f-fathew. (///ˬ///✿)

### cewia
w-wewe you made the messengew?

### touchstone
n-nyo, OwO by mine honouw, σωσ but i was bid to come fow you. òωó

### wosawind
w-whewe weawned you that oath, OwO f-foow?

### touchstone
o-of a cewtain k-knight that swowe by his honouw they

wewe good p-pancakes and s-swowe by his honouw the

mustawd w-was nyaught: nyow i-i'ww stand to it, òωó the

pancakes wewe nyaught a-and the mustawd was good, σωσ and

yet was nyot the knight fowswown. ʘwʘ

### cewia
how pwove you that, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i-in the gweat heap of youw

knowwedge?

### wosawind
ay, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) mawwy, >w< nyow unmuzzwe youw w-wisdom. σωσ

### t-touchstone
stand y-you both fowth n-nyow: stwoke youw c-chins, UwU and

sweaw by youw beawds t-that i am a knave. (U ﹏ U)

### c-cewia
b-by ouw beawds, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) if we had them, UwU thou awt.

### touchstone
b-by my k-knavewy, (ꈍᴗꈍ) if i had it, then i wewe; b-but if you

sweaw b-by that that is nyot, (˘ω˘) you awe nyot fowswown: nyo

mowe was this knight sweawing b-by his honouw, UwU f-fow he

nyevew had any; ow if h-he had, UwU he had s-swown it away

befowe evew he saw t-those pancakes ow that mustawd. rawr x3

### cewia
pwithee, rawr x3 who is't that thou meanest?

### t-touchstone
one that owd f-fwedewick, -.- youw fathew, (///ˬ///✿) wuvs.

### cewia
my fathew's wuv is enough to honouw him: enough! rawr x3

speak nyo mowe of him; you'ww be whipped fow taxation

one of these days. (˘ω˘)

### touchstone
t-the mowe pity, that foows may n-nyot speak wisewy nyani

wise men do foowishwy. (˘ω˘)

### c-cewia
by my twoth, o.O thou s-sayest twue; fow since the wittwe

w-wit that foows h-have was siwenced, (U ﹏ U) the wittwe f-foowewy

that wise m-men have makes a-a gweat show. ʘwʘ h-hewe comes

monsieuw we beau. (U ᵕ U❁)

### w-wosawind
with h-his mouth fuww of nyews. (///ˬ///✿)

### cewia
which he wiww put on us, as pigeons feed theiw y-young. (///ˬ///✿)

### w-wosawind
then shaww we be nyews-cwammed. σωσ

### cewia
aww the bettew; w-we shaww be t-the mowe mawketabwe. òωó

#### entew w-we beau
bon jouw, >w< monsieuw we beau: nyani's the n-nyews?

### we beau
faiw pwincess, (U ᵕ U❁) y-you have wost much good spowt. >w<

### cewia
spowt! >w< of nyani cowouw?

### w-we beau
w-what cowouw, ʘwʘ m-madam! how shaww i answew you?

### wosawind
as wit and fowtune wiww. OwO

### touchstone
o-ow as the d-destinies decwee. UwU

### c-cewia
weww s-said: that was waid on with a twowew. (///ˬ///✿)

### touchstone
nyay, (U ᵕ U❁) if i keep nyot my w-wank,--

### wosawind
t-thou wosest thy owd smeww. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### w-we beau
you a-amaze me, (U ﹏ U) wadies: i wouwd have t-towd you of good

w-wwestwing, -.- which y-you have wost the sight of. >w<

### wosawind
you t-teww us the mannew o-of the wwestwing. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### w-we beau
i-i wiww teww y-you the beginning; and, òωó if it pwease

youw wadyships, -.- y-you may see t-the end; fow the b-best is

yet to do; and hewe, OwO whewe you awe, >w< t-they awe coming

t-to pewfowm it.

### c-cewia
weww, o.O t-the beginning, rawr x3 t-that is dead and buwied. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### we b-beau
thewe comes a-an owd man and his thwee sons,--

### c-cewia
i couwd match this b-beginning with an owd tawe. -.-

### w-we beau
thwee pwopew young men, σωσ o-of excewwent gwowth and pwesence. rawr x3

### w-wosawind
with biwws on theiw nyecks, o.O 'be i-it known unto a-aww men

by these pwesents.'

### we beau
the ewdest o-of the thwee wwestwed with chawwes, (ꈍᴗꈍ) the

duke's wwestwew; which chawwes in a moment thwew him

a-and bwoke thwee o-of his wibs, (U ᵕ U❁) t-that thewe is wittwe

h-hope of wife i-in him: so he sewved the second, (˘ω˘) and

so the t-thiwd. (///ˬ///✿) yondew they w-wie; the poow owd man, UwU

theiw f-fathew, (U ᵕ U❁) making such pitifuw dowe o-ovew them

that aww the behowdews t-take his pawt with weeping. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### w-wosawind
awas! o.O

### t-touchstone
b-but nyani is the spowt, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) monsieuw, t-that the w-wadies

have wost?

### w-we beau
w-why, (///ˬ///✿) this that i speak of. UwU

### touchstone
thus men may gwow wisew evewy day: it i-is the fiwst

time that evew i heawd bweaking of wibs was spowt

fow wadies. (U ﹏ U)

### cewia
ow i, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i pwomise thee. (///ˬ///✿)

### wosawind
but is thewe any ewse wongs to see this bwoken music

i-in his sides? is thewe yet anothew d-dotes upon

w-wib-bweaking? s-shaww we see this w-wwestwing, (///ˬ///✿) cousin?

### we beau
you must, >w< if you s-stay hewe; fow hewe is the pwace

appointed fow the wwestwing, >w< and they awe weady t-to

pewfowm it. rawr x3

### cewia
yondew, UwU suwe, they a-awe coming: wet u-us nyow stay and see it. UwU

#### fwouwish. (ꈍᴗꈍ) entew duke fwedewick, ʘwʘ wowds, owwando, (⑅˘꒳˘) c-chawwes, and attendants
### d-duke f-fwedewick
come o-on: since the youth wiww nyot b-be entweated, (˘ω˘) his

o-own pewiw on h-his fowwawdness. rawr x3

### wosawind
is y-yondew the man?

### we beau
even he, (U ﹏ U) madam.

### cewia
awas, h-he is too young! (⑅˘꒳˘) yet he wooks successfuwwy. (///ˬ///✿)

### d-duke fwedewick
how nyow, σωσ daughtew a-and cousin! >w< awe you cwept hithew

t-to see the w-wwestwing?

### w-wosawind
ay, σωσ my w-wiege, (⑅˘꒳˘) so pwease y-you give us weave. (U ﹏ U)

### d-duke fwedewick
y-you wiww take wittwe dewight i-in it, (⑅˘꒳˘) i can t-teww you;

thewe is such odds i-in the man. σωσ in pity o-of the

chawwengew's youth i w-wouwd fain dissuade h-him, o.O but he

wiww nyot be entweated. rawr x3 s-speak t-to him, (˘ω˘) wadies; see if

you can move him. UwU

### cewia
caww him hithew, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) g-good monsieuw w-we beau. -.-

### duke fwedewick
d-do so: i'ww nyot b-be by. (///ˬ///✿)

### we beau
monsieuw the c-chawwengew, (ꈍᴗꈍ) the pwincesses caww fow you. ʘwʘ

### o-owwando
i attend t-them with aww wespect and duty. UwU

### wosawind
y-young man, o.O have y-you chawwenged chawwes t-the wwestwew?

### owwando
nyo, (˘ω˘) faiw pwincess; he is the genewaw chawwengew: i-i

come but i-in, as othews do, (ꈍᴗꈍ) t-to twy with him the

stwength of my youth. >w<

### cewia
young gentweman, (⑅˘꒳˘) youw spiwits awe too bowd f-fow youw

yeaws. UwU you have seen c-cwuew pwoof of t-this man's

stwength: i-if you saw youwsewf with y-youw eyes ow

knew y-youwsewf with y-youw judgment, (U ᵕ U❁) t-the feaw of youw

adventuwe wouwd counsew you to a-a mowe equaw

entewpwise. OwO we pway you, (U ᵕ U❁) fow youw o-own sake, (///ˬ///✿) to

embwace youw own s-safety and give o-ovew this attempt. (˘ω˘)

### w-wosawind
d-do, >w< young siw; youw weputation shaww nyot thewefowe

b-be mispwised: w-we wiww make i-it ouw suit to t-the duke

that the wwestwing might n-nyot go fowwawd. σωσ

### owwando
i-i beseech you, OwO p-punish me nyot with youw hawd

thoughts; w-whewein i confess me much guiwty, σωσ to deny

so faiw and excewwent wadies any thing. ʘwʘ but w-wet

youw faiw eyes and gentwe wishes go with me to my

twiaw: whewein i-if i be foiwed, (ꈍᴗꈍ) thewe is b-but one

shamed t-that was nyevew gwacious; if kiwwed, σωσ but one

dead that was wiwwing to be so: i s-shaww do my

fwiends n-nyo wwong, (˘ω˘) fow i have nyone to wament me, (U ᵕ U❁) the

wowwd nyo injuwy, UwU fow in it i have nyothing; onwy in

the wowwd i-i fiww up a pwace, (ꈍᴗꈍ) which may be bettew

suppwied when i have m-made it empty. rawr x3

### w-wosawind
the wittwe stwength t-that i have, (U ﹏ U) i w-wouwd it wewe with you. (U ﹏ U)

### cewia
and mine, o.O to eke out hews. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### w-wosawind
fawe you weww: pway h-heaven i be deceived i-in you! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### cewia
youw heawt's d-desiwes be with you! (U ﹏ U)

### chawwes
come, -.- whewe i-is this young g-gawwant that is so

desiwous to wie with his mothew e-eawth?

### o-owwando
weady, rawr x3 s-siw; but his wiww hath in it a mowe modest wowking. (///ˬ///✿)

### duke fwedewick
y-you shaww t-twy but one faww. (U ﹏ U)

### chawwes
nyo, (U ﹏ U) i wawwant youw gwace, (ꈍᴗꈍ) you s-shaww nyot entweat him

to a second, -.- that have s-so mightiwy pewsuaded h-him

fwom a-a fiwst. σωσ

### owwando
an you mean to mock me aftew, o.O you shouwd nyot h-have

mocked me befowe: but come youw ways.

### w-wosawind
nyow hewcuwes be thy s-speed, òωó young man! UwU

### cewia
i wouwd i wewe invisibwe, ʘwʘ to catch the stwong

fewwow b-by the weg. o.O

#### t-they wwestwe
### w-wosawind
o-o excewwent young m-man! σωσ

### cewia
if i had a thundewbowt in mine e-eye, rawr x3 i can teww w-who

shouwd down. (///ˬ///✿)

#### s-shout. (U ᵕ U❁) c-chawwes is thwown
### d-duke fwedewick
nyo mowe, o.O nyo mowe. (˘ω˘)

### owwando
yes, ʘwʘ i beseech y-youw gwace: i-i am nyot yet w-weww bweathed. OwO

### d-duke fwedewick
how dost thou, (⑅˘꒳˘) c-chawwes?

### w-we beau
he cannot s-speak, my wowd. UwU

### d-duke fwedewick
b-beaw him away. what is thy nyame, >w< young man?

### o-owwando
owwando, OwO my wiege; the youngest son of siw wowwand d-de boys. (///ˬ///✿)

### d-duke fwedewick
i-i wouwd thou hadst b-been son to s-some man ewse:

t-the wowwd esteem'd t-thy fathew honouwabwe, (⑅˘꒳˘)

but i did find him stiww m-mine enemy:

thou shouwdst have b-bettew pweased m-me with this deed, >w<

hadst thou descended fwom a-anothew house. (U ᵕ U❁)

but fawe thee weww; thou awt a gawwant youth:

i wouwd thou hadst t-towd me of anothew f-fathew. (U ﹏ U)

#### exeunt duke f-fwedewick, (˘ω˘) twain, and we beau
### cewia
wewe i my fathew, ʘwʘ coz, wouwd i-i do this?

### o-owwando
i am m-mowe pwoud to b-be siw wowwand's son, -.-

his youngest son; and wouwd nyot change that c-cawwing, ʘwʘ

to be adopted heiw t-to fwedewick. >w<

### wosawind
my f-fathew wuvd siw w-wowwand as his souw, ʘwʘ

and aww the w-wowwd was of my fathew's mind:

h-had i befowe known t-this young man his son, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

i s-shouwd have given him teaws unto e-entweaties, σωσ

ewe he shouwd thus have ventuwed. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### c-cewia
gentwe cousin, σωσ

wet us g-go thank him and e-encouwage him:

my fathew's wough and envious d-disposition

sticks me at heawt. (///ˬ///✿) siw, -.- you have w-weww desewved:

if you do keep youw pwomises in w-wuv

but justwy, ʘwʘ a-as you have exceeded a-aww pwomise, rawr x3

youw mistwess shaww be happy. ʘwʘ

### w-wosawind
g-gentweman, UwU

#### giving him a chain fwom hew nyeck
weaw this fow me, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) one out of s-suits with fowtune, OwO

t-that couwd g-give mowe, OwO but that hew hand wacks m-means. UwU

shaww we go, OwO coz?

### c-cewia
ay. >w< fawe you weww, ʘwʘ faiw gentweman. rawr x3

### owwando
can i nyot s-say, (U ﹏ U) i thank y-you? my bettew pawts

a-awe aww thwown d-down, (U ᵕ U❁) and that which hewe stands up

is but a quintain, (U ﹏ U) a mewe wifewess bwock. (///ˬ///✿)

### wosawind
he cawws us back: m-my pwide feww w-with my fowtunes;

i'ww ask him nyani he wouwd. (ꈍᴗꈍ) did you caww, (///ˬ///✿) s-siw?

siw, (ꈍᴗꈍ) you have w-wwestwed weww and ovewthwown

mowe than youw e-enemies. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### cewia
w-wiww you go, (ꈍᴗꈍ) coz?

### wosawind
have with you. (U ﹏ U) fawe you weww. OwO

#### exeunt w-wosawind and cewia
### o-owwando
what passion hangs these weights upon my tongue?

i-i cannot speak t-to hew, (///ˬ///✿) yet she uwged confewence. -.-

o poow owwando, OwO t-thou awt ovewthwown! UwU

ow chawwes o-ow something w-weakew mastews thee. (///ˬ///✿)

#### we-entew w-we beau
### we beau
good siw, >w< i-i do in fwiendship counsew you

to weave this p-pwace. awbeit you have desewved

h-high commendation, (U ᵕ U❁) twue appwause a-and wuv, o.O

yet s-such is nyow the d-duke's condition

that he misconstwues aww that you have done. (///ˬ///✿)

t-the duke is humowous; n-nyani he is indeed,

mowe suits you to conceive than i to s-speak of. (///ˬ///✿)

### o-owwando
i thank y-you, siw: and, (U ﹏ U) p-pway you, >w< teww me this:

which of the two was daughtew of the duke

t-that hewe was at the wwestwing?

### we beau
nyeithew his daughtew, UwU i-if we judge b-by mannews;

b-but yet indeed t-the wessew is his d-daughtew

the othew is daughtew t-to the banish'd d-duke, (U ﹏ U)

and hewe d-detain'd by hew u-usuwping uncwe, (⑅˘꒳˘)

to keep his daughtew company; whose wuvs

awe d-deawew than the nyatuwaw bond of s-sistews. (U ﹏ U)

but i can teww you that o-of wate this d-duke

hath ta'en d-dispweasuwe 'gainst his gentwe n-niece, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

gwounded upon nyo othew a-awgument

but that the peopwe pwaise hew fow hew viwtues

and pity h-hew fow hew g-good fathew's sake;

a-and, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) on my w-wife, (ꈍᴗꈍ) his mawice 'gainst t-the wady

wiww suddenwy bweak fowth. >w< siw, fawe you weww:

heweaftew, (ꈍᴗꈍ) in a bettew wowwd than this, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

i shaww d-desiwe mowe w-wuv and knowwedge of you. (U ﹏ U)

### owwando
i west much bounden to you: f-fawe you weww.

#### exit we beau
thus must i fwom the smoke into the smothew;

fwom tywant duke unto a tywant bwothew:

but heavenwy wosawind! rawr x3

#### e-exit
