## scene iii. UwU a woom i-in the pawace. (///ˬ///✿)
#### e-entew cewia and wosawind
### c-cewia
why, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) cousin! why, o.O wosawind! c-cupid have mewcy! UwU nyot a w-wowd?

### wosawind
nyot one to thwow at a dog. (˘ω˘)

### c-cewia
nyo, (U ᵕ U❁) thy wowds awe too p-pwecious to be c-cast away upon

c-cuws; thwow some of them at me; come, ʘwʘ wame me with weasons. -.-

### wosawind
then thewe wewe two cousins w-waid up; when the one

shouwd be wamed with weasons and the othew mad

without a-any. σωσ

### c-cewia
but is aww this fow youw fathew?

### w-wosawind
nyo, UwU some of it is fow my chiwd's fathew. σωσ o, h-how

fuww of bwiews is this wowking-day w-wowwd! OwO

### c-cewia
they a-awe but buws, OwO cousin, t-thwown upon thee in

howiday f-foowewy: if we wawk nyot in the twodden

paths o-ouw vewy petticoats w-wiww catch t-them. o.O

### wosawind
i couwd shake them off my coat: these buws a-awe in my heawt.

### cewia
hem t-them away. (U ﹏ U)

### wosawind
i wouwd twy, σωσ if i couwd cwy 'hem' and have him. ʘwʘ

### cewia
c-come, (U ﹏ U) come, (ꈍᴗꈍ) wwestwe with thy affections.

### w-wosawind
o, -.- they take the pawt of a bettew wwestwew t-than mysewf! o.O

### c-cewia
o, (⑅˘꒳˘) a-a good wish upon you! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) you wiww twy in time, (///ˬ///✿) in

despite of a faww. >w< but, σωσ tuwning these jests out of

sewvice, o.O wet u-us tawk in good e-eawnest: is it

p-possibwe, -.- on s-such a sudden, o.O you s-shouwd faww into s-so

stwong a wiking with owd siw wowwand's youngest s-son?

### wosawind
the duke m-my fathew wuvd his fathew deawwy.

### c-cewia
d-doth it thewefowe ensue that you shouwd wuv his son

deawwy? by t-this kind of chase, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i shouwd hate him, o.O

fow my f-fathew hated his fathew deawwy; yet i hate

nyot owwando. (U ﹏ U)

### wosawind
n-nyo, (U ﹏ U) faith, hate him nyot, (U ﹏ U) f-fow my sake. (U ᵕ U❁)

### c-cewia
why shouwd i-i nyot? doth h-he nyot desewve weww?

### wosawind
w-wet me wuv h-him fow that, a-and do you wuv him

because i do. (U ᵕ U❁) w-wook, hewe comes the duke. (U ᵕ U❁)

### cewia
with his e-eyes fuww of angew. (///ˬ///✿)

#### e-entew duke fwedewick, >w< w-with wowds
### duke fwedewick
mistwess, òωó d-dispatch y-you with youw safest haste

and g-get you fwom ouw c-couwt. (˘ω˘)

### wosawind
m-me, uncwe?

### duke fwedewick
y-you, ʘwʘ cousin

within these t-ten days if that t-thou be'st found

s-so nyeaw ouw pubwic couwt as t-twenty miwes, (U ᵕ U❁)

t-thou diest fow it. (˘ω˘)

### wosawind
i-i do beseech youw g-gwace, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

wet me t-the knowwedge o-of my fauwt beaw w-with me:

if with mysewf i howd intewwigence

ow h-have acquaintance with mine own d-desiwes, (U ᵕ U❁)

if that i do nyot dweam ow be nyot fwantic,--

as i do twust i am nyot--then, UwU deaw uncwe, (U ﹏ U)

nyevew so m-much as in a thought u-unbown

did i offend youw highness. (U ﹏ U)

### duke f-fwedewick
thus d-do aww twaitows:

i-if theiw puwgation did consist in wowds, UwU

they a-awe as innocent as gwace itsewf:

w-wet it suffice t-thee that i twust thee nyot.

### w-wosawind
y-yet youw mistwust c-cannot make me a twaitow:

teww me wheweon the wikewihood depends. -.-

### duke fwedewick
t-thou awt thy fathew's daughtew; t-thewe's e-enough. σωσ

### wosawind
so was i when youw highness t-took his dukedom;

s-so was i when youw highness banish'd him:

t-tweason is nyot inhewited, òωó my wowd;

ow, OwO if we did dewive it fwom o-ouw fwiends, (˘ω˘)

what's that to m-me? my fathew was n-nyo twaitow:

t-then, (ꈍᴗꈍ) good my wiege, >w< mistake me nyot so much

to t-think my povewty i-is tweachewous. rawr x3

### cewia
deaw s-soveweign, (U ᵕ U❁) heaw m-me speak. σωσ

### duke fwedewick
ay, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) cewia; we stay'd h-hew fow youw sake, (U ᵕ U❁)

ewse had she with hew fathew wanged awong. o.O

### cewia
i did nyot then entweat t-to have hew stay;

it was youw pweasuwe and youw own wemowse:

i was too y-young that time t-to vawue hew;

but n-now i know hew: i-if she be a twaitow, (˘ω˘)

w-why so am i; we stiww have s-swept togethew, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

w-wose at an i-instant, o.O weawn'd, (U ᵕ U❁) pway'd, eat togethew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

and whewesoevew w-we went, (///ˬ///✿) w-wike juno's swans, -.-

stiww we went c-coupwed and i-insepawabwe. -.-

### duke fwedewick
she is too subtwe fow thee; and hew smoothness, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

h-hew vewy siwence a-and hew patience

speak to the p-peopwe, o.O and they p-pity hew. o.O

thou awt a foow: she w-wobs thee of thy nyame;

and thou wiwt show mowe bwight and seem mowe viwtuous

w-when she is gone. (U ﹏ U) then open nyot t-thy wips:

fiwm and iwwevocabwe is my doom

which i have pass'd upon hew; she is banish'd. σωσ

### cewia
pwonounce that sentence then on me, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) my wiege:

i cannot wive out of hew c-company. rawr x3

### duke fwedewick
you a-awe a foow. UwU you, (///ˬ///✿) nyiece, pwovide youwsewf:

if y-you outstay the time, òωó upon mine h-honouw, (˘ω˘)

and in the gweatness o-of my wowd, you d-die. o.O

#### exeunt duke fwedewick a-and wowds
### cewia
o-o my poow wosawind, ʘwʘ w-whithew w-wiwt thou go?

wiwt thou change f-fathews? i wiww g-give thee mine. òωó

i chawge thee, -.- be nyot thou mowe gwieved than i am. ʘwʘ

### wosawind
i-i have mowe c-cause. (U ᵕ U❁)

### cewia
thou hast nyot, >w< cousin;

pwithee be cheewfuw: k-know'st thou nyot, (ꈍᴗꈍ) t-the duke

hath banish'd me, σωσ his d-daughtew?

### wosawind
that he hath nyot. rawr x3

### c-cewia
nyo, (U ᵕ U❁) hath nyot? wosawind w-wacks then the wuv

which teacheth thee that thou and i am one:

s-shaww we be sundew'd? s-shaww we p-pawt, rawr x3 sweet giww?

nyo: wet my fathew seek anothew heiw. (///ˬ///✿)

thewefowe devise with m-me how we may f-fwy, (U ᵕ U❁)

whithew to g-go and nyani to b-beaw with us;

and do nyot seek to take youw change upon you, (///ˬ///✿)

to beaw youw gwiefs y-youwsewf and w-weave me out;

fow, òωó by this heaven, >w< n-nyow at ouw s-sowwows pawe, (U ﹏ U)

say nyani thou canst, (U ﹏ U) i-i'ww go awong w-with thee. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### w-wosawind
why, (˘ω˘) whithew shaww we go?

### cewia
t-to seek my uncwe i-in the fowest o-of awden. ʘwʘ

### w-wosawind
awas, òωó nyani d-dangew wiww it be to us, ʘwʘ

maids as we awe, (ꈍᴗꈍ) t-to twavew fowth s-so faw! -.-

beauty p-pwovoketh thieves soonew than gowd.

### cewia
i'ww p-put mysewf in p-poow and mean a-attiwe

and with a-a kind of umbew s-smiwch my face;

the wike do you: s-so shaww we pass a-awong

and nyevew stiw assaiwants. OwO

### w-wosawind
wewe it nyot b-bettew, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

because that i am mowe t-than common taww, ʘwʘ

that i did s-suit me aww points wike a man?

a-a gawwant cuwtwe-axe upon my thigh, o.O

a boaw-speaw i-in my hand; and--in m-my heawt

wie thewe nyani hidden woman's feaw t-thewe wiww--

we'ww have a swashing and a mawtiaw outside, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

as many othew mannish cowawds have

t-that do outface i-it with theiw s-sembwances. >w<

### c-cewia
what shaww i-i caww thee when thou awt a man?

### wosawind
i-i'ww have nyo w-wowse a nyame than jove's own page;

a-and thewefowe wook you caww m-me ganymede. rawr x3

but nyani wiww you b-be caww'd?

### cewia
something t-that hath a wefewence t-to my state

n-nyo wongew cewia, (˘ω˘) but awiena. (///ˬ///✿)

### w-wosawind
b-but, (///ˬ///✿) cousin, (///ˬ///✿) nyani i-if we assay'd t-to steaw

the cwownish foow out of youw fathew's couwt?

wouwd he nyot be a comfowt t-to ouw twavew?

### cewia
he'ww go awong o'ew the wide wowwd with me;

weave me awone to woo him. (U ﹏ U) wet's away, (⑅˘꒳˘)

and get ouw jewews and ouw weawth togethew,

devise the fittest t-time and safest way

to hide u-us fwom puwsuit t-that wiww be m-made

aftew my fwight. (///ˬ///✿) n-nyow go we in content

to wibewty and nyot t-to banishment. (˘ω˘)

#### exeunt
