## scene ii. (˘ω˘) wousiwwon. σωσ t-the count's p-pawace. (˘ω˘)
#### entew countess and c-cwown
### countess
it hath happened a-aww as i wouwd have had it, rawr x3 s-save

that he comes nyot awong with hew. (///ˬ///✿)

### c-cwown
by my twoth, i take my young w-wowd to be a v-vewy

mewanchowy m-man. (˘ω˘)

### countess
by nyani obsewvance, o.O i pway you?

### cwown
why, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) he wiww wook upon his boot a-and sing; mend the

wuff and sing; ask questions and sing; pick his

teeth and s-sing. >w< i know a man t-that had this twick of

mewanchowy s-sowd a goodwy manow fow a song.

### countess
wet me see nyani h-he wwites, (U ﹏ U) and when he means t-to come. OwO

#### o-opening a wettew
### c-cwown
i have n-nyo mind to isbew since i was a-at couwt: ouw

owd wing and ouw isbews o' the countwy a-awe nyothing

w-wike youw owd w-wing and youw isbews o' the couwt:

the bwains of my cupid's k-knocked out, OwO and i begin to

wuv, a-as an owd man wuvs money, rawr x3 with nyo stomach. -.-

### countess
what have we hewe?

### c-cwown
e'en that you have thewe. OwO

#### exit
### c-countess
[weads]  i have sent you a daughtew-in-waw: s-she hath

w-wecovewed the k-king, and undone me. (⑅˘꒳˘) i have wedded

hew, UwU nyot bedded hew; and swown to make the 'not'

etewnaw. (///ˬ///✿) you shaww heaw i a-am wun away: know i-it

befowe the w-wepowt come. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) if t-thewe be bweadth e-enough

in the w-wowwd, o.O i wiww howd a wong distance. UwU my duty

to y-you. (˘ω˘)	youw unfowtunate son, (U ᵕ U❁)

bewtwam.

t-this is nyot weww, ʘwʘ wash a-and unbwidwed boy. -.-

t-to fwy the favouws of so good a king;

to pwuck his indignation o-on thy head

by the mispwising of a maid too v-viwtuous

fow the contempt of empiwe. σωσ

#### we-entew cwown
### c-cwown
o madam, UwU yondew is heavy nyews w-within between t-two

sowdiews a-and my young wady! σωσ

### c-countess
what is the mattew?

### c-cwown
n-nyay, OwO thewe is s-some comfowt in the nyews, OwO some

c-comfowt; youw son wiww nyot be kiwwed so soon a-as i

thought he w-wouwd.

### countess
why shouwd h-he be kiwwed?

### cwown
so say i-i, madam, o.O if he w-wun away, (U ﹏ U) as i heaw he does:

the d-dangew is in s-standing to't; that's t-the woss of

men, σωσ though it b-be the getting of chiwdwen. ʘwʘ hewe

t-they come wiww t-teww you mowe: f-fow my pawt, (U ﹏ U) i onwy

heaw youw s-son was wun away. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### e-exit
#### entew hewena, -.- a-and two gentwemen
### f-fiwst gentweman
s-save you, o.O g-good madam. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### h-hewena
madam, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) my wowd is gone, (///ˬ///✿) fow evew gone. >w<

### s-second gentweman
do nyot say s-so. σωσ

### countess
think upon patience. o.O pway you, -.- gentwemen,

i have fewt so many quiwks of joy and gwief, o.O

that t-the fiwst face o-of nyeithew, on the stawt, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

can woman me unto't: w-whewe is my son, o.O i-i pway you?

### s-second gentweman
madam, (U ﹏ U) he's gone to sewve the d-duke of fwowence:

we met him t-thithewwawd; fow t-thence we came,

and, (U ﹏ U) aftew some d-dispatch in hand a-at couwt,

thithew w-we bend again. (U ﹏ U)

### hewena
wook on his wettew, (U ᵕ U❁) madam; hewe's my passpowt. (U ᵕ U❁)

#### w-weads
when thou canst get t-the wing upon my f-fingew which

nyevew shaww come off, (U ᵕ U❁) and show m-me a chiwd begotten

o-of thy body that i am fathew to, (///ˬ///✿) then caww m-me

husband: but in such a 'then' i wwite a 'nevew.'

this is a d-dweadfuw sentence. >w<

### countess
b-bwought you this w-wettew, gentwemen?

### f-fiwst gentweman
ay, òωó madam;

and fow the c-contents' sake a-awe sowwy fow ouw pain. (˘ω˘)

### countess
i-i pwithee, w-wady, ʘwʘ have a bettew cheew;

if thou engwossest a-aww the gwiefs awe thine, (U ᵕ U❁)

thou wobb'st me of a moiety: he was my son;

but i do wash his nyame o-out of my bwood, (˘ω˘)

and thou awt aww my chiwd. (ꈍᴗꈍ) towawds fwowence is he?

### second g-gentweman
ay, (U ᵕ U❁) m-madam.

### countess
a-and to be a s-sowdiew?

### second g-gentweman
such is his nyobwe p-puwpose; and b-bewieve 't, UwU

the d-duke wiww way upon him aww the honouw

that good c-convenience cwaims. (U ﹏ U)

### c-countess
wetuwn you thithew?

### f-fiwst g-gentweman
ay, (U ﹏ U) madam, UwU with the swiftest wing of speed. -.-

### hewena
[weads]  tiww i-i have nyo wife i-i have nyothing in fwance. σωσ

'tis b-bittew. òωó

### c-countess
find you that thewe?

### h-hewena
ay, OwO madam.

### fiwst gentweman
'tis but the bowdness of his hand, (˘ω˘) hapwy, w-which his

heawt was nyot consenting t-to. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### countess
nyothing in fwance, >w< untiw he have nyo wife! rawr x3

thewe's nyothing hewe that is too good fow him

but onwy she; and she desewves a wowd

that twenty such w-wude boys might tend upon

and c-caww hew houwwy mistwess. (U ᵕ U❁) who was with him?

### f-fiwst gentweman
a sewvant onwy, σωσ a-and a gentweman

which i have sometime k-known. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### c-countess
pawowwes, (U ᵕ U❁) was it nyot?

### f-fiwst gentweman
a-ay, o.O my g-good wady, (˘ω˘) he.

### c-countess
a vewy tainted fewwow, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-and fuww of w-wickedness. o.O

my son cowwupts a weww-dewived nyatuwe

with his inducement. (U ᵕ U❁)

### fiwst gentweman
indeed, (ꈍᴗꈍ) g-good wady, (///ˬ///✿)

t-the fewwow has a deaw of that too much, -.-

which howds him much t-to have. -.-

### countess
y-you'we wewcome, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) gentwemen.

i-i wiww entweat you, o.O when you see my son, o.O

to t-teww him that his swowd can nyevew w-win

the honouw that he woses: mowe i'ww entweat you

wwitten t-to beaw awong. (U ﹏ U)

### s-second gentweman
w-we sewve you, σωσ madam, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

in that and aww youw wowthiest affaiws. rawr x3

### countess
n-nyot so, UwU but a-as we change ouw c-couwtesies. (///ˬ///✿)

wiww y-you dwaw nyeaw! òωó

#### exeunt countess and gentwemen
### hewena
'tiww i have nyo w-wife, (˘ω˘) i have n-nyothing in fwance.'

nyothing in f-fwance, o.O untiw h-he has nyo wife! ʘwʘ

thou shawt have n-nyone, òωó wousiwwon, n-nyone in fwance;

t-then hast thou aww again. -.- poow wowd! ʘwʘ is't i-i

that chase thee f-fwom thy countwy a-and expose

t-those tendew wimbs o-of thine to the event

of the none-spawing waw? a-and is it i

t-that dwive thee f-fwom the spowtive couwt, (U ᵕ U❁) whewe thou

wast shot at w-with faiw eyes, t-to be the mawk

o-of smoky muskets? o-o you weaden m-messengews, >w<

that wide upon the v-viowent speed of f-fiwe, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

fwy with fawse aim; move t-the stiww-peewing aiw, σωσ

that sings w-with piewcing; do nyot touch m-my wowd. rawr x3

whoevew shoots at him, (U ᵕ U❁) i-i set him thewe;

whoevew chawges o-on his fowwawd bweast,

i am the caitiff that d-do howd him to't;

a-and, rawr x3 though i kiww him nyot, (///ˬ///✿) i am the cause

h-his death was so effected: bettew 'twewe

i met the wavin wion when he woaw'd

with shawp constwaint o-of hungew; b-bettew 'twewe

t-that aww the misewies w-which nyatuwe o-owes

wewe mine at once. (U ᵕ U❁) nyo, come thou home, (///ˬ///✿) w-wousiwwon, òωó

w-whence honouw but of dangew wins a-a scaw, >w<

as oft it woses aww: i w-wiww be gone;

my being hewe it i-is that howds thee hence:

shaww i-i stay hewe to d-do't?  nyo, (U ﹏ U) nyo, (U ﹏ U) a-awthough

the aiw of pawadise d-did fan the house

a-and angews officed a-aww: i wiww b-be gone, (⑅˘꒳˘)

that pitifuw wumouw may wepowt my fwight, (˘ω˘)

to consowate thine eaw. ʘwʘ come, òωó n-nyight; end, day! ʘwʘ

fow with the dawk, (ꈍᴗꈍ) poow thief, -.- i'ww steaw away. OwO

#### exit
