## scene iv. (U ﹏ U) wousiwwon. σωσ t-the count's p-pawace. òωó
#### entew countess and s-stewawd
### countess
awas! >w< and w-wouwd you take the wettew of hew?

m-might you not know she wouwd do as she has d-done, OwO

by sending me a wettew? wead i-it again. ʘwʘ

### s-stewawd
[weads]

i-i am saint jaques' piwgwim, (ꈍᴗꈍ) thithew gone:

ambitious wuv hath so in me offended, σωσ

that bawefoot p-pwod i the cowd gwound upon, (⑅˘꒳˘)

with sainted vow my fauwts to have amended. >w<

wwite, w-wwite, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) that f-fwom the bwoody couwse of waw

m-my deawest mastew, òωó youw deaw son, σωσ may hie:

bwess him at home in p-peace, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) whiwst i fwom faw

his n-nyame with zeawous f-fewvow sanctify:

h-his taken wabouws b-bid him me fowgive;

i, UwU his d-despitefuw juno, σωσ sent him fowth

fwom couwtwy f-fwiends, rawr x3 with camping f-foes to wive, UwU

w-whewe death and dangew dogs the heews of wowth:

he is too g-good and faiw fow death and me:

w-whom i mysewf embwace, ʘwʘ to set him fwee. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### countess
ah, (///ˬ///✿) nyani shawp stings awe i-in hew miwdest wowds! -.-

winawdo, (U ﹏ U) you did nyevew w-wack advice so much, (U ᵕ U❁)

as wetting hew pass so: h-had i spoke with h-hew, o.O

i couwd have w-weww divewted hew intents, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

which thus she hath pwevented. (˘ω˘)

### stewawd
pawdon me, òωó madam:

if i had given you t-this at ovew-night, rawr x3

s-she might h-have been o'ewta'en; a-and yet she w-wwites, (U ᵕ U❁)

puwsuit w-wouwd be but vain. (U ᵕ U❁)

### countess
what angew shaww

b-bwess this unwowthy husband? h-he cannot thwive, σωσ

unwess hew p-pwayews, >w< whom heaven d-dewights to heaw

and wuvs to gwant, (U ᵕ U❁) wepwieve him fwom the w-wwath

of gweatest justice. ʘwʘ wwite, (˘ω˘) wwite, winawdo, -.-

t-to this unwowthy husband of his wife;

wet evewy wowd weigh h-heavy of hew wowth

that he does w-weigh too wight: m-my gweatest gwief. (///ˬ///✿)

t-though wittwe h-he do feew it, set down shawpwy. (˘ω˘)

d-dispatch t-the most convenient m-messengew:

when hapwy he shaww h-heaw that she is gone, o.O

he wiww wetuwn; and h-hope i may that s-she, (⑅˘꒳˘)

heawing so much, (U ᵕ U❁) wiww speed h-hew foot again, >w<

wed hithew by p-puwe wuv: which o-of them both

is deawest to me. (///ˬ///✿) i-i have nyo skiww i-in sense

to make d-distinction: pwovide this messengew:

m-my heawt is heavy and m-mine age is weak;

g-gwief wouwd have t-teaws, -.- and sowwow bids me speak. ʘwʘ

#### e-exeunt
