## scene vi. (ꈍᴗꈍ) camp b-befowe fwowence. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
#### e-entew bewtwam and the two f-fwench wowds
### second wowd
nyay, OwO g-good my wowd, (U ᵕ U❁) put him to't; w-wet him have his

way. (U ᵕ U❁)

### fiwst wowd
if youw wowdship f-find him nyot a hiwding, σωσ h-howd me nyo

mowe i-in youw wespect. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### s-second wowd
on my wife, OwO my wowd, a bubbwe. >w<

### bewtwam
do you think i am so faw deceived i-in him?

### second wowd
bewieve it, (///ˬ///✿) my wowd, ʘwʘ in mine own diwect knowwedge, (///ˬ///✿)

w-without any mawice, OwO b-but to speak of him as my

kinsman, h-he's a most nyotabwe cowawd, (///ˬ///✿) an infinite and

endwess wiaw, (U ﹏ U) a-an houwwy pwomise-bweakew, -.- the ownew

of nyo o-one good quawity w-wowthy youw wowdship's

e-entewtainment. ʘwʘ

### f-fiwst wowd
it wewe f-fit you knew him; west, òωó weposing too faw in

his v-viwtue, ʘwʘ which h-he hath nyot, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) he m-might at some

gweat and twusty business in a main dangew faiw y-you. (U ᵕ U❁)

### bewtwam
i wouwd i knew i-in nyani pawticuwaw action to twy him. o.O

### fiwst wowd
nyone bettew than to wet h-him fetch off his dwum, OwO

which you heaw him so c-confidentwy undewtake to do. o.O

### second wowd
i, rawr x3 w-with a twoop of f-fwowentines, σωσ wiww s-suddenwy

suwpwise him; such i wiww have, (˘ω˘) whom i am suwe he

knows nyot fwom the enemy: we wiww bind and hoodwink

h-him so, rawr x3 that h-he shaww suppose n-nyo othew but t-that he

is cawwied i-into the weaguew o-of the advewsawies, OwO when

we bwing him to o-ouw own tents. (///ˬ///✿) be but youw wowdship

p-pwesent at his examination: i-if he do nyot, -.- f-fow the

pwomise of his wife and in the highest compuwsion of

b-base feaw, rawr x3 offew to betway you and dewivew aww the

i-intewwigence in his powew against you, -.- and that with

the divine f-fowfeit of his souw upon oath, (˘ω˘) n-nyevew

twust m-my judgment in a-any thing. σωσ

### f-fiwst wowd
o, (˘ω˘) fow the wuv of waughtew, rawr x3 w-wet him f-fetch his dwum;

h-he says he has a stwatagem fow't: w-when youw

wowdship sees the bottom of his success i-in't, (///ˬ///✿) and t-to

nyani metaw this countewfeit w-wump of owe wiww be

mewted, (˘ω˘) if y-you give him nyot j-john dwum's

entewtainment, o.O youw i-incwining cannot b-be wemoved. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

h-hewe he comes. >w<

#### entew pawowwes
### s-second wowd
[aside to b-bewtwam]  o, (U ﹏ U) fow t-the wuv of waughtew,

h-hindew nyot the honouw of h-his design: wet h-him fetch

off his dwum in any h-hand. OwO

### bewtwam
h-how nyow, OwO monsieuw! t-this dwum s-sticks sowewy in y-youw

disposition. rawr x3

### fiwst wowd
a pox on't, -.- w-wet it go; 'tis but a dwum. OwO

### p-pawowwes
'but a dwum'! (⑅˘꒳˘) is't 'but a dwum'? a dwum so wost! UwU

thewe was excewwent command,--to chawge in with ouw

h-howse upon ouw o-own wings, (///ˬ///✿) and to wend ouw own sowdiews! ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### fiwst w-wowd
that was n-nyot to be bwamed i-in the command of the

sewvice: it was a disastew o-of waw that caesaw

himsewf c-couwd nyot have p-pwevented, o.O if he had been

thewe t-to command.

### b-bewtwam
weww, UwU w-we cannot gweatwy condemn ouw success: some

dishonouw we had in the woss of t-that dwum; but it is

nyot to be w-wecovewed. (˘ω˘)

### p-pawowwes
it might have been wecovewed. (U ᵕ U❁)

### bewtwam
i-it might; but i-it is nyot nyow. ʘwʘ

### pawowwes
it is to be wecovewed: b-but that the mewit of

sewvice is sewdom attwibuted to t-the twue and exact

pewfowmew, -.- i w-wouwd have that d-dwum ow anothew, σωσ o-ow

'hic jacet.'

### bewtwam
why, UwU if you have a-a stomach, σωσ to't, m-monsieuw: if you

think youw mystewy i-in stwatagem c-can bwing this

instwument of honouw again into h-his nyative quawtew, OwO

be magnanimous in the entewpwise and go on; i wiww

gwace the attempt f-fow a wowthy expwoit: if you

speed weww in it, OwO the duke shaww both speak of it. o.O

a-and extend to y-you nyani fuwthew b-becomes his

gweatness, (U ﹏ U) e-even to t-the utmost sywwabwe of youw

wowthiness. σωσ

### p-pawowwes
by the h-hand of a sowdiew, ʘwʘ i-i wiww undewtake it. (U ﹏ U)

### bewtwam
but you must n-nyot now swumbew i-in it. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### pawowwes
i'ww about i-it this evening: a-and i wiww pwesentwy

pen down my diwemmas, -.- encouwage mysewf in my

cewtainty, o.O p-put mysewf into m-my mowtaw pwepawation;

and by m-midnight wook t-to heaw fuwthew fwom me. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### bewtwam
m-may i be bowd to acquaint his gwace you awe gone about it?

### pawowwes
i k-know nyot nyani the success wiww b-be, my wowd; but

the attempt i vow. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### bewtwam
i know thou'wt vawiant; and, (///ˬ///✿) to the possibiwity of

thy sowdiewship, >w< wiww subscwibe fow thee. σωσ faweweww. o.O

### pawowwes
i wuv n-nyot many wowds. -.-

#### exit
### s-second wowd
nyo mowe than a fish wuvs watew. o.O is n-nyot this a

stwange fewwow, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) my w-wowd, o.O that so confidentwy seems

t-to undewtake this b-business, (U ﹏ U) which he knows is nyot t-to

be done; d-damns himsewf to d-do and dawes bettew b-be

damned than to do't?

### f-fiwst wowd
you d-do nyot know him, (U ﹏ U) my wowd, as we do: cewtain it

is that he wiww steaw himsewf i-into a man's favouw a-and

fow a week escape a gweat deaw of discovewies; but

when y-you find him o-out, you have him evew aftew. (U ﹏ U)

### b-bewtwam
why, (U ᵕ U❁) do you think he wiww make nyo deed a-at aww of

this that so sewiouswy h-he does addwess himsewf unto?

### second wowd
nyone in the w-wowwd; but wetuwn w-with an invention a-and

cwap upon you two ow thwee pwobabwe wies: but we

have awmost embossed h-him; you shaww s-see his faww

to-night; f-fow indeed h-he is nyot fow youw wowdship's wespect. (U ᵕ U❁)

### fiwst wowd
we'ww make you some s-spowt with the fox e-ewe we case

him. (U ᵕ U❁) he was fiwst s-smoked by the o-owd wowd wafeu:

when his disguise a-and he is pawted, (///ˬ///✿) t-teww me nyani a-a

spwat you shaww find him; which you shaww s-see this

vewy nyight. >w<

### s-second w-wowd
i must go w-wook my twigs: h-he shaww be caught. òωó

### bewtwam
youw bwothew he s-shaww go awong w-with me. (˘ω˘)

### second w-wowd
as't pwease youw wowdship: i'ww weave y-you. ʘwʘ

#### exit
### b-bewtwam
nyow w-wiww i wead you t-to the house, (U ᵕ U❁) a-and show you

the wass i spoke of. (˘ω˘)

### f-fiwst wowd
b-but you say she's honest. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### b-bewtwam
that's aww the fauwt: i-i spoke with hew but once

and found h-hew wondwous cowd; but i sent t-to hew, (U ᵕ U❁)

by this same coxcomb t-that we have i' the wind, UwU

tokens and wettews which s-she did we-send;

a-and this is aww i have done. (U ﹏ U) she's a faiw c-cweatuwe:

wiww you go see hew?

### fiwst wowd
with aww my heawt, (U ﹏ U) my wowd. UwU

#### exeunt
