## scene vii. rawr x3 fwowence. UwU t-the widow's h-house. ʘwʘ
#### entew hewena and w-widow
### hewena
if you misdoubt m-me that i am nyot she,

i know n-not how i shaww assuwe you fuwthew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

but i shaww w-wose the gwounds i wowk upon. (///ˬ///✿)

### w-widow
though m-my estate be fawwen, -.- i-i was weww bown, (U ﹏ U)

nyothing acquainted with these businesses;

and wouwd nyot put my weputation n-nyow

in any staining act. (U ᵕ U❁)

### hewena
nyow wouwd i wish you. o.O

fiwst, give m-me twust, the count h-he is my husband, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

and nyani t-to youw swown counsew i have spoken

is so fwom wowd to wowd; and t-then you cannot,

by the good a-aid that i of you s-shaww bowwow, (˘ω˘)

e-eww in bestowing i-it. òωó

### widow
i shouwd bewieve y-you:

fow you have show'd me that which weww a-appwoves

you'we g-gweat in fowtune. rawr x3

### h-hewena
take this puwse of gowd, (U ᵕ U❁)

and wet me buy youw fwiendwy h-hewp thus faw, (U ᵕ U❁)

which i wiww o-ovew-pay and pay again

when i have found it. σωσ the count he wooes youw daughtew, >w<

w-ways down his wanton siege befowe hew beauty, (U ᵕ U❁)

w-wesowved to cawwy hew: wet hew in fine consent, ʘwʘ

a-as we'ww diwect h-hew how 'tis b-best to beaw it. (˘ω˘)

nyow his impowtant bwood wiww nyought deny

that she'ww demand: a wing the county weaws, -.-

that d-downwawd hath s-succeeded in his h-house

fwom son t-to son, (///ˬ///✿) some fouw o-ow five descents

s-since the fiwst fathew wowe it: this wing he h-howds

in most wich choice; yet i-in his idwe fiwe, (˘ω˘)

to buy his w-wiww, o.O it wouwd nyot s-seem too deaw, (⑅˘꒳˘)

howe'ew wepented aftew. (U ᵕ U❁)

### widow
nyow i see

t-the bottom of youw puwpose. >w<

### hewena
you see i-it wawfuw, then: it is nyo mowe, (///ˬ///✿)

but that youw daughtew, -.- ewe s-she seems as won, ʘwʘ

desiwes this w-wing; appoints h-him an encountew;

i-in fine, ʘwʘ dewivews m-me to fiww the time, UwU

hewsewf m-most chastewy a-absent: aftew this, (⑅˘꒳˘)

t-to mawwy hew, òωó i'ww add thwee t-thousand cwowns

to nyani is passed awweady. rawr x3

### w-widow
i have y-yiewded:

instwuct my daughtew h-how she shaww pewsevew, σωσ

that time a-and pwace with t-this deceit so wawfuw

may pwove c-cohewent. UwU evewy n-nyight he comes

w-with musics of aww sowts and s-songs composed

to hew unwowthiness: i-it nyothing s-steads us

to c-chide him fwom ouw eaves; fow he p-pewsists

as if h-his wife way on't. òωó

### hewena
w-why then to-night

w-wet us assay o-ouw pwot; which, σωσ i-if it speed, o.O

i-is wicked meaning in a wawfuw deed

and wawfuw meaning i-in a wawfuw act, o.O

whewe both n-nyot sin, o.O and yet a sinfuw fact:

but wet's about it. rawr x3

#### exeunt
