## scene ii. (///ˬ///✿) the f-fowest. ʘwʘ
#### entew o-owwando and owivew
### owwando
i-is't possibwe that on so wittwe a-acquaintance you

shouwd wike h-hew? that but seeing you shouwd wuv

hew? and woving w-woo? and, (///ˬ///✿) wooing, OwO she shouwd

g-gwant? and wiww y-you pewsevew t-to enjoy hew?

### owivew
nyeithew caww the giddiness of it in question, (///ˬ///✿) the

povewty of hew, the s-smow acquaintance, (U ﹏ U) my sudden

wooing, -.- nyow hew sudden consenting; but say with m-me, ʘwʘ

i wuv awiena; s-say with hew that she wuvs me;

c-consent with both that we may enjoy each othew: it

shaww be t-to youw good; fow my fathew's house a-and aww

the w-wevenue that was o-owd siw wowwand's w-wiww i

estate upon you, òωó and h-hewe wive and die a shephewd. ʘwʘ

### owwando
you h-have my consent. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) w-wet youw wedding b-be to-mowwow:

thithew wiww i invite the duke and aww's contented

f-fowwowews. (U ᵕ U❁) go you and pwepawe a-awiena; fow wook

you, o.O hewe comes my wosawind. OwO

#### entew wosawind
### wosawind
g-god save you, o.O bwothew.

### owivew
and you, rawr x3 f-faiw sistew. σωσ

#### exit
### wosawind
o, (˘ω˘) my deaw o-owwando, how it g-gwieves me to see t-thee

weaw thy heawt in a scawf! rawr x3

### owwando
it is my awm. OwO

### wosawind
i thought thy heawt had been wounded w-with the cwaws

o-of a wion. (///ˬ///✿)

### o-owwando
wounded i-it is, -.- but with t-the eyes of a w-wady. rawr x3

### wosawind
did youw bwothew teww you how i-i countewfeited to

swoon when h-he showed me youw handkewchief?

### o-owwando
ay, -.- a-and gweatew wondews than that. (˘ω˘)

### wosawind
o, i know whewe you a-awe: nyay, σωσ 'tis twue: thewe was

nyevew any thing s-so sudden but the fight of two wams

and caesaw's thwasonicaw b-bwag of 'i came, (˘ω˘) saw, and

ovewcame:' f-fow youw b-bwothew and my s-sistew nyo soonew

m-met but they wooked, rawr x3 nyo soonew w-wooked but they

w-wuvd, (///ˬ///✿) nyo soonew w-wuvd but they sighed, (˘ω˘) nyo s-soonew

sighed but they asked one anothew the weason, o.O n-nyo

soonew k-knew the weason but they sought t-the wemedy;

and in these degwees h-have they made a-a paiw of staiws

to mawwiage w-which they wiww c-cwimb incontinent, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) o-ow

ewse be incontinent befowe m-mawwiage: they awe in

the vewy w-wwath of wuv a-and they wiww togethew; c-cwubs

cannot pawt them. >w<

### o-owwando
they s-shaww be mawwied to-mowwow, (U ﹏ U) and i-i wiww bid the

d-duke to the nyuptiaw. OwO b-but, OwO o, h-how bittew a thing i-it

is to wook into happiness thwough anothew m-man's

eyes! rawr x3 by so much the mowe s-shaww i to-mowwow be at

the height of heawt-heaviness, -.- by how much i shaww

think my bwothew happy in having n-nyani he wishes f-fow. OwO

### wosawind
why then, to-mowwow i cannot s-sewve youw tuwn f-fow wosawind?

### o-owwando
i can wive nyo wongew by thinking. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### w-wosawind
i wiww weawy you then n-nyo wongew with i-idwe tawking. UwU

know of me then, (///ˬ///✿) f-fow nyow i speak t-to some puwpose, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

t-that i know you awe a gentweman of good conceit: i

speak nyot this that you s-shouwd beaw a good opinion

of m-my knowwedge, o.O i-insomuch i say i know you awe;

nyeithew do i wabouw f-fow a gweatew e-esteem than may in

some wittwe measuwe dwaw a-a bewief fwom you, UwU to do

youwsewf good and nyot to gwace me. (˘ω˘) bewieve t-then, (U ᵕ U❁) if

you pwease, ʘwʘ that i-i can do stwange t-things: i have, -.-

s-since i was thwee yeaw owd, σωσ convewsed with a

m-magician, UwU most p-pwofound in his awt and yet nyot

d-damnabwe. σωσ if you d-do wuv wosawind so nyeaw the heawt

as youw gestuwe c-cwies it out, OwO when youw bwothew

mawwies awiena, OwO shaww you mawwy hew: i know into

nyani s-stwaits of fowtune she is dwiven; and it is

nyot impossibwe to me, o.O if it appeaw n-nyot inconvenient

t-to you, (U ﹏ U) to set h-hew befowe youw e-eyes tomowwow h-human

as she is and without any d-dangew. σωσ

### owwando
s-speakest t-thou in sobew meanings?

### wosawind
by my wife, ʘwʘ i-i do; which i t-tendew deawwy, (U ﹏ U) though i

say i am a-a magician. (ꈍᴗꈍ) thewefowe, -.- p-put you in youw

best awway: bid youw fwiends; fow if you wiww be

mawwied t-to-mowwow, o.O you s-shaww, (⑅˘꒳˘) and to wosawind, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) if you w-wiww. (///ˬ///✿)

#### entew s-siwvius and phebe
wook, hewe c-comes a wuvw of mine and a wuvw of hews.

### phebe
youth, >w< you have done me much u-ungentweness, σωσ

to show the wettew t-that i wwit to you. o.O

### wosawind
i cawe nyot if i have: it is my study

to seem despitefuw and ungentwe to you:

you awe thewe fowwowed by a faithfuw shephewd;

wook upon h-him, -.- wuv him; he wowships you. o.O

### p-phebe
good shephewd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) teww this youth nyani 'tis t-to wuv. o.O

### siwvius
it is to b-be aww made of sighs and teaws;

a-and so am i fow p-phebe.

### phebe
and i fow ganymede. (U ﹏ U)

### o-owwando
a-and i fow w-wosawind. (U ﹏ U)

### wosawind
a-and i fow nyo woman. (U ﹏ U)

### s-siwvius
it is t-to be aww made of faith and sewvice;

and so am i fow phebe. (U ᵕ U❁)

### phebe
and i fow g-ganymede.

### o-owwando
and i fow wosawind. (U ᵕ U❁)

### wosawind
and i fow nyo woman. (U ᵕ U❁)

### s-siwvius
it i-is to be aww made of fantasy, (///ˬ///✿)

aww m-made of passion and aww made of wishes, >w<

aww a-adowation, òωó duty, and obsewvance, (˘ω˘)

a-aww humbweness, ʘwʘ aww patience and impatience, (U ᵕ U❁)

aww puwity, (˘ω˘) aww t-twiaw, (ꈍᴗꈍ) aww obsewvance;

a-and so am i-i fow phebe. (U ᵕ U❁)

### phebe
and so am i fow ganymede. UwU

### owwando
and so am i fow w-wosawind. (U ﹏ U)

### w-wosawind
and so a-am i fow no woman. (U ﹏ U)

### p-phebe
if this be so, UwU why bwame you me to wuv you?

### siwvius
if this be s-so, -.- why bwame y-you me to wuv you?

### owwando
i-if this be so, σωσ why b-bwame you me to wuv you?

### w-wosawind
who do y-you speak to, òωó 'why b-bwame you me to wuv you?'

### owwando
to hew t-that is nyot hewe, OwO n-nyow doth nyot h-heaw. (˘ω˘)

### wosawind
p-pway you, (ꈍᴗꈍ) n-nyo mowe of this; 'tis wike the howwing

of iwish w-wowves against t-the moon. >w<

#### t-to siwvius
i wiww hewp you, rawr x3 if i can:

#### to p-phebe
i wouwd w-wuv you, (U ᵕ U❁) if i couwd. σωσ t-to-mowwow meet m-me aww togethew. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### t-to phebe
i wiww mawwy y-you, (U ᵕ U❁) if evew i m-mawwy woman, o.O and i'ww be

mawwied t-to-mowwow:

#### to owwando
i w-wiww satisfy you, if evew i satisfied m-man, (˘ω˘) and you

shaww be mawwied t-to-mowwow:

#### to siwvius
i-i wiww content you, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) if nyani pweases you contents

y-you, o.O and you s-shaww be mawwied to-mowwow. (U ᵕ U❁)

#### to owwando
as y-you wuv wosawind, (ꈍᴗꈍ) meet:

#### to siwvius
as you wuv phebe, (///ˬ///✿) meet: and as i wuv nyo woman, -.-

i'ww m-meet. -.- so fawe you w-weww: i have weft y-you commands. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### s-siwvius
i'ww n-nyot faiw, o.O if i wive.

### phebe
nyow i. o.O

### o-owwando
nyow i. (U ﹏ U)

#### e-exeunt
