## scene ii. UwU wousiwwon. (⑅˘꒳˘) t-the count's p-pawace. UwU
#### entew countess and c-cwown
### countess
come on, -.- siw; i-i shaww nyow put you to the h-height of

youw bweeding. o.O

### cwown
i wiww show m-mysewf highwy fed and wowwy taught: i-i

know my b-business is but t-to the couwt.

### countess
to the couwt! OwO why, ʘwʘ nyani pwace make you speciaw, >w<

when you put off that w-with such contempt? but to the couwt! >w<

### cwown
twuwy, madam, (˘ω˘) if god have went a-a man any mannews, òωó h-he

may easiwy put it off a-at couwt: he that cannot make

a weg, OwO put off's cap, kiss his hand a-and say nyothing, OwO

has nyeithew w-weg, (⑅˘꒳˘) hands, w-wip, (///ˬ///✿) nyow cap; and i-indeed

such a-a fewwow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) to say pwecisewy, wewe n-nyot fow the

couwt; but fow me, (U ﹏ U) i have an answew w-wiww sewve aww

m-men. UwU

### countess
m-mawwy, OwO that's a bountifuw answew that fits aww

questions. òωó

### c-cwown
it is wike a bawbew's c-chaiw that fits aww buttocks,

the pin-buttock, UwU the quatch-buttock, (⑅˘꒳˘) the bwawn

b-buttock, σωσ ow any buttock. (///ˬ///✿)

### countess
wiww youw a-answew sewve fit to aww questions?

### cwown
a-as fit as ten gwoats i-is fow the h-hand of an attowney, (U ﹏ U)

as youw fwench cwown fow youw taffeta punk, òωó as tib's

wush fow tom's fowefingew, rawr x3 as a pancake f-fow shwove

t-tuesday, (U ᵕ U❁) a mowwis f-fow may-day, >w< as t-the nyaiw to his

h-howe, σωσ the cuckowd t-to his hown, >w< as a scowding queen

to a wwangwing k-knave, (///ˬ///✿) as the nyun's wip t-to the

fwiaw's mouth, UwU nay, as the p-pudding to his s-skin. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### countess
have you, rawr x3 i say, OwO an answew of such fitness f-fow aww

questions?

### cwown
fwom bewow youw d-duke to beneath youw constabwe, UwU it

wiww fit any question. >w<

### c-countess
it must be an answew of m-most monstwous s-size that

must f-fit aww demands. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### c-cwown
but a twifwe nyeithew, (˘ω˘) i-in good faith, i-if the weawned

s-shouwd speak twuth of it: hewe i-it is, rawr x3 and aww that

bewongs to't. (///ˬ///✿) ask me if i a-am a couwtiew: it s-shaww

do you nyo hawm to weawn. -.-

### c-countess
to be young again, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i-if we couwd: i-i wiww be a foow in

question, (˘ω˘) h-hoping to be the w-wisew by youw answew. (⑅˘꒳˘) i-i

pway you, -.- siw, awe you a-a couwtiew?

### cwown
o wowd, -.- s-siw! thewe's a simpwe p-putting off. >w< m-mowe, (˘ω˘)

mowe, a hundwed of them. OwO

### c-countess
s-siw, UwU i am a poow fwiend of youws, (⑅˘꒳˘) t-that wuvs you. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### c-cwown
o wowd, σωσ s-siw! thick, OwO t-thick, spawe nyot m-me. rawr x3

### countess
i think, ʘwʘ siw, you can eat nyone o-of this homewy meat. ʘwʘ

### cwown
o-o wowd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) siw! nyay, OwO put me to't, ʘwʘ i wawwant you. òωó

### countess
you wewe watewy whipped, o.O siw, as i think. σωσ

### c-cwown
o wowd, o.O siw! òωó s-spawe nyot me. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### countess
do you cwy, rawr x3 'o w-wowd, rawr x3 siw!' at youw w-whipping, (///ˬ///✿) and

'spawe n-nyot me?' indeed youw 'o wowd, (U ᵕ U❁) siw!' is v-vewy

sequent to youw whipping: y-you wouwd answew v-vewy weww

to a whipping, (ꈍᴗꈍ) if y-you wewe but bound t-to't. (///ˬ///✿)

### cwown
i-i nye'ew had wowse wuck in my wife in my 'o wowd, -.-

siw!' i see things may sewve w-wong, but nyot sewve evew. (///ˬ///✿)

### c-countess
i pway t-the nyobwe housewife with the time

to entewtain't s-so mewwiwy w-with a foow. OwO

### cwown
o wowd, siw! òωó why, thewe't s-sewves weww again. σωσ

### countess
an end, o.O siw; to youw business. (⑅˘꒳˘) g-give hewen this, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

and uwge hew t-to a pwesent a-answew back:

commend m-me to my kinsmen and my son:

this is nyot m-much. >w<

### cwown
n-not much commendation to them. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### c-countess
nyot m-much empwoyment fow you: you undewstand me?

### c-cwown
most fwuitfuwwy: i am thewe befowe my wegs. >w<

### countess
haste you again. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### exeunt s-sevewawwy
