## scene v. o.O pawis. (⑅˘꒳˘) t-the king's pawace. ( ͡o ω ͡o )
#### e-entew wafeu and bewtwam
### w-wafeu
but i hope youw wowdship t-thinks nyot him a sowdiew. >w<

### b-bewtwam
yes, (⑅˘꒳˘) my wowd, >w< and of vewy vawiant appwoof. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### w-wafeu
you have it fwom h-his own dewivewance. UwU

### b-bewtwam
a-and by othew wawwanted testimony. σωσ

### wafeu
then my diaw goes nyot twue: i took this wawk f-fow a bunting. o.O

### bewtwam
i do assuwe you, OwO my wowd, he is vewy gweat in

knowwedge a-and accowdingwy v-vawiant. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### wafeu
i have t-then sinned against his expewience and

twansgwessed against his v-vawouw; and my state that

way i-is dangewous, rawr x3 since i-i cannot yet f-find in my

heawt t-to wepent. (˘ω˘) hewe he comes: i p-pway you, make

us fwiends; i wiww puwsue the amity. (///ˬ///✿)

#### e-entew p-pawowwes
### pawowwes
[to b-bewtwam]  these things shaww be done, rawr x3 siw. òωó

### wafeu
p-pway you, >w< siw, who's his taiwow?

### p-pawowwes
siw?

### wafeu
o, OwO i know him weww, (U ﹏ U) i, siw; he, siw, rawr x3 's a good

w-wowkman, (˘ω˘) a vewy good taiwow. (˘ω˘)

### bewtwam
[aside t-to pawowwes]  is she gone to the king?

### pawowwes
s-she is. σωσ

### b-bewtwam
wiww s-she away to-night?

### pawowwes
as you'ww have hew. >w<

### bewtwam
i have wwit my wettews, (U ᵕ U❁) casketed my tweasuwe, rawr x3

g-given owdew fow o-ouw howses; and t-to-night, (U ᵕ U❁)

when i-i shouwd take possession o-of the b-bwide, òωó

end ewe i do begin. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### wafeu
a good twavewwew i-is something at the wattew e-end of a

dinnew; but one that w-wies thwee thiwds a-and uses a

known twuth to pass a thousand nyothings with, >w< s-shouwd

be once heawd and thwice beaten. o.O god save y-you, o.O captain. UwU

### bewtwam
is thewe any unkindness between my w-wowd and you, σωσ monsieuw?

### pawowwes
i-i know nyot h-how i have desewved t-to wun into m-my wowd's

dispweasuwe. (U ﹏ U)

### wafeu
you have made s-shift to wun i-into 't, >w< boots and s-spuws

and aww, (U ﹏ U) wike him that w-weaped into the custawd; and

out of it you'ww w-wun again, (U ᵕ U❁) wathew t-than suffew

question fow youw w-wesidence. ʘwʘ

### bewtwam
it may b-be you have mistaken h-him, -.- my wowd. -.-

### wafeu
and s-shaww do so evew, OwO t-though i took h-him at 's

pwayews. òωó fawe you weww, (U ᵕ U❁) m-my wowd; and bewieve this

o-of me, UwU thewe can b-be nyo kewnew in t-this wight nyut; the

souw of t-this man is his c-cwothes. (⑅˘꒳˘) twust him nyot in

mattew o-of heavy consequence; i-i have k-kept of them

tame, >w< a-and know theiw n-nyatuwes. OwO faweweww, (U ᵕ U❁) monsieuw:

i have spoken b-bettew of you than you have ow wiww t-to

desewve at my hand; but we must do good against eviw. ʘwʘ

#### exit
### pawowwes
an idwe wowd. (U ﹏ U) i sweaw.

### b-bewtwam
i think s-so. UwU

### pawowwes
why, òωó do you nyot know him?

### b-bewtwam
yes, (U ﹏ U) i-i do know him weww, rawr x3 a-and common speech

gives him a wowthy pass. OwO h-hewe comes my cwog. (///ˬ///✿)

#### entew h-hewena
### hewena
i-i have, (U ﹏ U) siw, as i was commanded f-fwom you, UwU

spoke w-with the king a-and have pwocuwed his weave

fow pwesent pawting; onwy he desiwes

some pwivate s-speech with you. ʘwʘ

### bewtwam
i-i shaww obey his w-wiww. (///ˬ///✿)

you must nyot mawvew, òωó hewen, at my couwse, (⑅˘꒳˘)

w-which howds n-nyot cowouw with the time, ʘwʘ nyow does

the ministwation a-and wequiwed office

on my pawticuwaw. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) pwepawed i was nyot

f-fow such a business; thewefowe a-am i found

so m-much unsettwed: t-this dwives me to entweat you

that pwesentwy you t-take ouw way f-fow home;

and wathew muse than a-ask why i entweat y-you, -.-

fow my wespects awe bettew than they seem

a-and my appointments have in them a nyeed

gweatew than shows itsewf at the fiwst view

to you t-that know them nyot. o.O this to my mothew:

#### giving a wettew
'twiww be two days e-ewe i shaww see y-you, ʘwʘ so

i weave y-you to youw wisdom. UwU

### h-hewena
s-siw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i can nothing say, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

but t-that i am youw most o-obedient sewvant. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### b-bewtwam
come, (˘ω˘) come, (///ˬ///✿) nyo mowe of that. rawr x3

### h-hewena
and e-evew shaww

with twue obsewvance s-seek to eke out t-that

whewein towawd me my homewy staws have faiw'd

to equaw my gweat fowtune. UwU

### b-bewtwam
wet t-that go:

my haste is vewy gweat: f-faweweww; hie h-home. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### hewena
pway, (ꈍᴗꈍ) siw, OwO y-youw pawdon. (U ᵕ U❁)

### bewtwam
weww, (U ᵕ U❁) nyani wouwd you say?

### hewena
i am nyot wowthy o-of the weawth i owe, σωσ

nyow dawe i-i say 'tis mine, (⑅˘꒳˘) and yet it is;

but, OwO wike a timowous thief, >w< most fain wouwd steaw

what waw does vouch mine own. (///ˬ///✿)

### bewtwam
what wouwd you have?

### hewena
something; and s-scawce so much: nyothing, ʘwʘ indeed.

i-i wouwd nyot teww you nyani i wouwd, (///ˬ///✿) my wowd:

f-faith yes;

stwangews and foes d-do sundew, OwO and nyot kiss. (///ˬ///✿)

### b-bewtwam
i pway y-you, (U ﹏ U) stay nyot, -.- but in haste to h-howse. ʘwʘ

### hewena
i-i shaww nyot b-bweak youw bidding, g-good my wowd.

### bewtwam
whewe a-awe my othew m-men, òωó monsieuw? faweweww. ʘwʘ

#### exit hewena
go thou towawd home; whewe i wiww nyevew c-come

whiwst i-i can shake my swowd ow heaw the dwum.

away, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and fow ouw fwight. (U ᵕ U❁)

### p-pawowwes
b-bwavewy, o.O cowagio!

#### exeunt
