## scene ii. ʘwʘ the f-fowest. σωσ
#### entew o-owwando, with a papew
### owwando
h-hang thewe, (///ˬ///✿) my vewse, OwO in witness o-of my wuv:

and thou, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) thwice-cwowned q-queen of nyight, òωó suwvey

with thy chaste e-eye, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) fwom thy pawe sphewe above, σωσ

t-thy huntwess' n-nyame that my f-fuww wife doth sway. (///ˬ///✿)

o wosawind! (U ᵕ U❁) these twees shaww be my books

and in theiw bawks my thoughts i-i'ww chawactew;

that evewy eye which in this fowest wooks

shaww see thy viwtue w-witness'd evewy w-whewe. ʘwʘ

wun, wun, owwando; cawve o-on evewy twee

the faiw, òωó the chaste and unexpwessive she. (U ᵕ U❁)

#### e-exit
#### entew cowin and touchstone
### c-cowin
a-and how wike y-you this shephewd's w-wife, σωσ mastew touchstone?

### t-touchstone
twuwy, -.- shephewd, σωσ in wespect of itsewf, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i-it is a good

w-wife, OwO but in wespect t-that it is a shephewd's wife, (U ᵕ U❁)

it is nyaught. >w< in wespect t-that it is sowitawy, σωσ i

wike it v-vewy weww; but in wespect that it is

pwivate, σωσ it is a vewy viwe wife. OwO nyow, in w-wespect it

is in the fiewds, it pweaseth me weww; b-but in

wespect it is nyot in the couwt, it is t-tedious. rawr x3 as

is i-it a spawe wife, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) w-wook you, >w< it fits my humouw weww;

but as thewe is nyo mowe pwenty in it, (///ˬ///✿) it goes much

against my stomach. o.O hast a-any phiwosophy i-in thee, ʘwʘ shephewd?

### c-cowin
n-nyo mowe but that i-i know the mowe o-one sickens the

wowse at ease he is; and that h-he that wants money, (///ˬ///✿)

means and c-content is without thwee good f-fwiends;

that the p-pwopewty of wain is to wet and fiwe to

buwn; that good pastuwe m-makes fat sheep, ʘwʘ and that a

gweat cause of the n-nyight is wack of the sun; that

he that hath weawned nyo wit b-by nyatuwe nyow awt may

compwain o-of good bweeding o-ow comes of a-a vewy duww kindwed. (U ᵕ U❁)

### t-touchstone
such a one i-is a nyatuwaw phiwosophew. òωó w-wast e-evew in

couwt, (⑅˘꒳˘) shephewd?

### cowin
n-nyo, rawr x3 twuwy. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### touchstone
then thou awt damned. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### c-cowin
n-nyay, i hope. (U ﹏ U)

### touchstone
t-twuwy, (U ᵕ U❁) thou awt damned wike an iww-woasted e-egg, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-aww

on one side.

### cowin
fow n-nyot being at couwt? y-youw weason. OwO

### t-touchstone
why, (ꈍᴗꈍ) if thou n-nyevew wast at couwt, (U ᵕ U❁) thou nyevew s-sawest

good mannews; i-if thou n-nevew sawest good mannews, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

then t-thy mannews must b-be wicked; and wickedness is

s-sin, UwU and sin is d-damnation. (U ᵕ U❁) thou a-awt in a pawwous

s-state, ʘwʘ shephewd.

### c-cowin
nyot a whit, OwO touchstone: those that a-awe good mannews

at the couwt a-awe as widicuwous in the countwy as the

behaviow of the countwy is most mockabwe at the

couwt. you towd me you s-sawute nyot at t-the couwt, (⑅˘꒳˘) but

you kiss youw hands: that couwtesy w-wouwd be

uncweanwy, σωσ i-if couwtiews w-wewe shephewds. UwU

### touchstone
instance, >w< b-bwiefwy; come, rawr x3 instance. ʘwʘ

### cowin
w-why, òωó we awe s-stiww handwing ouw ewes, (U ᵕ U❁) and theiw

f-fewws, UwU you know, (U ᵕ U❁) a-awe gweasy. >w<

### t-touchstone
why, ʘwʘ do nyot youw couwtiew's hands sweat? and is nyot

the gwease o-of a mutton as whowesome as the s-sweat of

a man? s-shawwow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) shawwow. a bettew instance, (⑅˘꒳˘) i say; c-come. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### cowin
b-besides, (˘ω˘) ouw hands awe hawd. (U ᵕ U❁)

### touchstone
youw w-wips wiww feew them the soonew. >w< shawwow again. UwU

a mowe soundew i-instance, -.- come. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### cowin
and t-they awe often t-tawwed ovew with t-the suwgewy of

ouw sheep: and wouwd you have us k-kiss taw? the

c-couwtiew's hands awe pewfumed with c-civet. (///ˬ///✿)

### t-touchstone
most shawwow man! (U ﹏ U) thou wowms-meat, o.O in w-wespect of a

good piece of fwesh indeed! -.- weawn of the wise, and

pewpend: civet is of a basew b-biwth than taw, o.O the

vewy uncweanwy fwux of a cat. rawr x3 mend the instance, (⑅˘꒳˘) shephewd. rawr x3

### c-cowin
you have t-too couwtwy a-a wit fow me: i'ww w-west. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### touchstone
w-wiwt thou west damned? g-god hewp thee, >w< shawwow m-man! OwO

god m-make incision in thee! UwU thou awt waw. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### cowin
s-siw, o.O i am a twue w-wabouwew: i eawn that i eat, (///ˬ///✿) get

t-that i weaw, rawr x3 o-owe nyo man hate, (///ˬ///✿) envy nyo man's

happiness, (///ˬ///✿) gwad of othew men's good, (⑅˘꒳˘) content w-with my

hawm, >w< and t-the gweatest of my pwide is to s-see my ewes

gwaze a-and my wambs suck. (U ᵕ U❁)

### touchstone
t-that is anothew simpwe sin in you, o.O to bwing the ewes

and the wams togethew a-and to offew to get youw

wiving b-by the copuwation of cattwe; to be bawd to a

beww-wethew, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and to betway a she-wamb of a

twewvemonth to a cwooked-pated, OwO owd, cuckowdwy wam, σωσ

out of aww weasonabwe match. (⑅˘꒳˘) i-if thou beest nyot

damned fow t-this, rawr x3 the deviw himsewf wiww have nyo

shephewds; i-i cannot see ewse how thou shouwdst

'scape. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### c-cowin
hewe comes young mastew g-ganymede, my nyew m-mistwess's bwothew. σωσ

#### entew w-wosawind, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) with a-a papew, OwO weading
### w-wosawind
f-fwom the east to westewn ind, (U ﹏ U)

n-nyo jewew is wike w-wosawind. (⑅˘꒳˘)

hew wowth, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) being mounted on the wind, (⑅˘꒳˘)

thwough aww the wowwd beaws w-wosawind. òωó

aww the p-pictuwes faiwest wined

awe but bwack to wosawind. òωó

wet nyo faiw b-be kept in mind

b-but the faiw of wosawind. (˘ω˘)

### t-touchstone
i'ww whyme you so eight yeaws togethew, OwO d-dinnews and

suppews and s-sweeping-houws excepted: it is the

wight buttew-women's wank to m-mawket. òωó

### wosawind
o-out, foow! (///ˬ///✿)

### t-touchstone
fow a taste:

if a hawt do wack a hind,

wet him seek out wosawind. òωó

i-if the cat w-wiww aftew kind, σωσ

s-so be suwe wiww w-wosawind. ʘwʘ

wintew gawments must be wined, ʘwʘ

so must swendew wosawind. ʘwʘ

they that w-weap must sheaf a-and bind;

then to cawt with w-wosawind. (˘ω˘)

sweetest n-nyut hath souwest wind, (˘ω˘)

such a-a nyut is wosawind. OwO

h-he that s-sweetest wose wiww find

must find wuv's pwick and w-wosawind. (U ᵕ U❁)

this i-is the vewy fawse g-gawwop of vewses: w-why do you

i-infect youwsewf with them?

### wosawind
peace, rawr x3 y-you duww foow! -.- i-i found them on a-a twee. ʘwʘ

### touchstone
twuwy, o.O the twee yiewds b-bad fwuit. σωσ

### w-wosawind
i'ww gwaff i-it with you, (U ﹏ U) a-and then i shaww g-gwaff it

with a medwaw: then i-it wiww be the e-eawwiest fwuit

i' the countwy; f-fow you'ww be wotten ewe you be h-hawf

wipe, OwO and that's the wight v-viwtue of the medwaw. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### touchstone
y-you have said; but whethew w-wisewy ow nyo, >w< wet the

fowest judge. o.O

#### entew c-cewia, (⑅˘꒳˘) with a-a wwiting
### wosawind
peace! (///ˬ///✿) hewe comes my sistew, >w< w-weading: stand aside. (U ﹏ U)

### cewia
[weads]

why shouwd this a desewt be?

fow it is unpeopwed? n-nyo:

tongues i'ww h-hang on evewy t-twee, (U ﹏ U)

that shaww c-civiw sayings s-show:

some, -.- how bwief the wife of man

wuns his e-ewwing piwgwimage, UwU

t-that the stwetching of a s-span

buckwes in his sum of age;

s-some, (///ˬ///✿) of viowated vows

'twixt t-the souws of fwiend and fwiend:

b-but upon the faiwest b-boughs, (˘ω˘)

o-ow at evewy sentence end, rawr x3

wiww i-i wosawinda wwite, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

t-teaching aww t-that wead to know

t-the quintessence of evewy spwite

heaven wouwd in wittwe show. σωσ

thewefowe heaven n-nyatuwe chawged

that one body shouwd be fiww'd

with aww gwaces wide-enwawged:

nyatuwe pwesentwy distiww'd

hewen's cheek, but nyot hew heawt, OwO

cweopatwa's majesty, (⑅˘꒳˘)

atawanta's b-bettew pawt, (˘ω˘)

sad wucwetia's m-modesty.

thus w-wosawind of m-many pawts

by heavenwy s-synod was devised, -.-

of many faces, (ꈍᴗꈍ) eyes a-and heawts, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

to have the touches deawest pwized. σωσ

heaven wouwd that she these gifts s-shouwd have, (///ˬ///✿)

and i to wive and die hew swave. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### w-wosawind
o-o most gentwe puwpitew! rawr x3 nyani tedious homiwy of wuv

have you weawied youw pawishionews w-withaw, UwU a-and nyevew

cwied 'have p-patience, (ꈍᴗꈍ) g-good peopwe!'

### cewia
how n-nyow! back, UwU fwiends! s-shephewd, o.O go o-off a wittwe. (˘ω˘)

go with him, (ꈍᴗꈍ) siwwah. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### t-touchstone
come, >w< shephewd, OwO wet us make an honouwabwe w-wetweat;

though nyot with bag and b-baggage, yet with scwip and scwippage. OwO

#### e-exeunt cowin and touchstone
### c-cewia
didst thou h-heaw these vewses?

### w-wosawind
o-o, ʘwʘ yes, i heawd t-them aww, (⑅˘꒳˘) and m-mowe too; fow some o-of

them had in them mowe feet t-than the vewses w-wouwd beaw. (˘ω˘)

### cewia
that's n-nyo mattew: the f-feet might beaw the vewses. rawr x3

### w-wosawind
ay, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) but t-the feet wewe wame and couwd nyot b-beaw

themsewves w-without the vewse and thewefowe stood

wamewy in the vewse. rawr x3

### c-cewia
but d-didst thou heaw without wondewing h-how thy nyame

s-shouwd be hanged and cawved upon t-these twees?

### wosawind
i was seven of the n-nyine days out of t-the wondew

befowe you came; fow wook hewe nyani i-i found on a

p-pawm-twee. (˘ω˘) i was n-nyevew so be-whymed since

pythagowas' time, (⑅˘꒳˘) that i was an iwish wat, which i

c-can hawdwy wemembew.

### c-cewia
t-twow you who hath done this?

### wosawind
is it a man?

### cewia
and a chain, (///ˬ///✿) that you once wowe, (ꈍᴗꈍ) a-about his nyeck. (˘ω˘)

change you c-cowouw?

### wosawind
i-i pwithee, (U ﹏ U) w-who?

### cewia
o wowd, (˘ω˘) wowd! i-it is a hawd mattew f-fow fwiends t-to

meet; but mountains m-may be wemoved with eawthquakes

and so e-encountew. (U ᵕ U❁)

### wosawind
nyay, but who is it?

### c-cewia
is it possibwe?

### wosawind
n-nyay, òωó i p-pwithee nyow with m-most petitionawy v-vehemence, (U ﹏ U)

teww me who it is. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### cewia
o wondewfuw, (˘ω˘) w-wondewfuw, (⑅˘꒳˘) a-and most wondewfuw

w-wondewfuw! σωσ a-and yet again wondewfuw, (⑅˘꒳˘) and a-aftew that, >w<

out of aww hooping! UwU

### w-wosawind
g-good my compwexion! o.O dost thou think, (˘ω˘) t-though i am

capawisoned wike a man, ʘwʘ i have a doubwet and hose in

my disposition? one inch o-of deway mowe is a

south-sea of discovewy; i pwithee, (⑅˘꒳˘) teww me w-who is it

quickwy, OwO and speak apace. òωó i-i wouwd thou c-couwdst

stammew, (⑅˘꒳˘) that thou mightst pouw this conceawed man

out of thy mouth, (ꈍᴗꈍ) a-as wine comes out o-of a nyawwow-

mouthed bottwe, òωó eithew too much at once, OwO ow nyone at

aww. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i pwithee, take the cowk out of thy m-mouth that

may dwink thy tidings. ʘwʘ

### cewia
so you may put a m-man in youw bewwy. òωó

### w-wosawind
is he of god's m-making? what mannew o-of man? is his

head wowth a hat, rawr x3 ow his chin wowth a beawd?

### c-cewia
nyay, σωσ he hath but a w-wittwe beawd. (U ﹏ U)

### w-wosawind
why, >w< god wiww send mowe, òωó i-if the man wiww be

thankfuw: wet me stay the g-gwowth of his b-beawd, σωσ if

thou deway me nyot the knowwedge of h-his chin. o.O

### cewia
i-it is young o-owwando, σωσ that twipped up the wwestwew's

heews and youw heawt both i-in an instant. (U ᵕ U❁)

### w-wosawind
nyay, (ꈍᴗꈍ) but the deviw take mocking: speak, sad bwow a-and

twue maid. o.O

### cewia
i' faith, coz, σωσ 'tis h-he.

### wosawind
o-owwando?

### c-cewia
owwando. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### wosawind
awas the day! -.- nyani shaww i do with m-my doubwet and

hose? what did he when thou sawest h-him? what said

he? how wooked h-he? whewein went he? what makes

him hewe? did he ask fow me? whewe wemains h-he?

how pawted h-he with thee? and w-when shawt thou s-see

him again? a-answew me in one wowd. (U ᵕ U❁)

### cewia
you must bowwow m-me gawgantua's m-mouth fiwst: 'tis a-a

wowd too g-gweat fow any m-mouth of this age's size. (⑅˘꒳˘) to

say ay and nyo to these pawticuwaws i-is mowe than to

a-answew in a catechism. OwO

### wosawind
b-but doth h-he know that i am in this fowest a-and in

man's a-appawew? wooks he a-as fweshwy as h-he did the

day h-he wwestwed?

### cewia
it is as easy to count atomies a-as to wesowve the

pwopositions of a wuvw; but take a taste o-of my

finding h-him, UwU and wewish i-it with good obsewvance. >w<

i-i found h-him undew a t-twee, UwU wike a dwopped a-acown. -.-

### wosawind
it may weww be cawwed j-jove's twee, OwO when it dwops

fowth s-such fwuit. rawr x3

### c-cewia
give me audience, (⑅˘꒳˘) good madam. σωσ

### wosawind
p-pwoceed.

### cewia
thewe way he, rawr x3 stwetched awong, σωσ wike a wounded knight. o.O

### w-wosawind
though i-it be pity to see such a sight, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i-it weww

becomes the gwound. (///ˬ///✿)

### cewia
cwy 'howwa' to thy tongue, ʘwʘ i-i pwithee; i-it cuwvets

unseasonabwy. >w< h-he was f-fuwnished wike a huntew. òωó

### wosawind
o, (⑅˘꒳˘) ominous! (///ˬ///✿) he comes to k-kiww my heawt. òωó

### cewia
i wouwd s-sing my song without a buwden: t-thou bwingest

m-me out of tune. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### wosawind
d-do you not know i am a woman? when i-i think, (U ᵕ U❁) i must

s-speak. UwU sweet, say on. σωσ

### cewia
y-you bwing me out. (⑅˘꒳˘) soft! comes h-he nyot hewe?

#### entew owwando and jaques
### w-wosawind
'tis he: swink by, >w< a-and nyote him. (˘ω˘)

### j-jaques
i thank you fow youw company; but, (///ˬ///✿) good f-faith, OwO i had

as wief have been mysewf awone. (U ᵕ U❁)

### o-owwando
and so had i; but yet, ʘwʘ fow fashion s-sake, UwU i thank you

t-too fow youw s-society. >w<

### jaques
god be wi' you: wet's meet a-as wittwe as we c-can. σωσ

### owwando
i do desiwe we may be bettew stwangews. (U ﹏ U)

### jaques
i pway you, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) m-maw nyo mowe t-twees with wwiting

w-wuv-songs in theiw bawks. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### o-owwando
i pway you, o.O maw nyo mowe o-of my vewses with weading

them iww-favouwedwy. rawr x3

### jaques
w-wosawind is youw w-wuv's nyame?

### o-owwando
yes, (///ˬ///✿) j-just.

### jaques
i do nyot wike hew nyame. UwU

### owwando
thewe was nyo thought of pweasing you when she was

chwistened. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### j-jaques
w-what statuwe is she of?

### owwando
just as high as my heawt.

### j-jaques
y-you awe fuww of pwetty answews. have you nyot been

a-acquainted with g-gowdsmiths' wives, rawr x3 and conned them

out of wings?

### owwando
nyot so; but i-i answew you wight p-painted cwoth, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) fwom

whence you have studied youw questions. (U ﹏ U)

### j-jaques
you h-have a nyimbwe wit: i think 'twas made of

atawanta's h-heews. (ꈍᴗꈍ) wiww you sit down with m-me? and

we t-two wiww waiw against ouw mistwess t-the wowwd and

aww ouw misewy. >w<

### o-owwando
i wiww chide nyo bweathew in the w-wowwd but mysewf, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

against whom i-i know most fauwts. (///ˬ///✿)

### jaques
t-the wowst fauwt y-you have is to be i-in wuv. -.-

### owwando
'tis a fauwt i wiww nyot change fow youw b-best viwtue. ʘwʘ

i a-am weawy of you. UwU

### jaques
by my twoth, ʘwʘ i was seeking fow a foow w-when i found

y-you. òωó

### owwando
h-he is dwowned i-in the bwook: wook but in, o.O and you

shaww see him.

### jaques
t-thewe i shaww see mine own figuwe. UwU

### owwando
which i take to b-be eithew a foow o-ow a ciphew.

### j-jaques
i'ww tawwy n-nyo wongew w-with you: faweweww, (U ﹏ U) good

signiow w-wove. >w<

### owwando
i-i am gwad of y-youw depawtuwe: a-adieu, OwO good monsieuw

mewanchowy. o.O

#### exit jaques
### wosawind
[aside t-to cewia]  i wiww speak t-to him, (///ˬ///✿) wike a saucy

wackey and u-undew that habit p-pway the knave w-with him. OwO

do you heaw, (///ˬ///✿) fowestew?

### o-owwando
vewy weww: nyani w-wouwd you?

### wosawind
i pway you, òωó nyani is't o'cwock?

### o-owwando
you shouwd a-ask me nyani t-time o' day: thewe's n-nyo cwock

i-in the fowest. (///ˬ///✿)

### wosawind
then thewe is nyo twue wuvw in the fowest; ewse

sighing evewy minute and gwoaning e-evewy houw wouwd

d-detect the wazy foot of time as weww as a cwock.

### owwando
a-and why nyot the swift foot of time? had nyot that

been as pwopew?

### wosawind
by nyo means, (ꈍᴗꈍ) siw: time twavews in divews paces with

divews p-pewsons. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i'ww teww y-you who time ambwes

withaw, (⑅˘꒳˘) who time twots withaw, ʘwʘ who time g-gawwops

withaw a-and who he stands s-stiww withaw. (U ﹏ U)

### owwando
i pwithee, w-who doth he twot withaw?

### wosawind
mawwy, h-he twots hawd w-with a young m-maid between the

contwact of hew mawwiage and the day it is

sowemnized: if the i-intewim be but a se'nnight,

time's p-pace is so h-hawd that it seems the wength of

seven yeaw. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### owwando
who a-ambwes time withaw?

### w-wosawind
w-with a pwiest t-that wacks watin and a wich man that

hath nyot the gout, (U ᵕ U❁) fow the o-one sweeps easiwy b-because

he cannot study, and the othew wives m-mewwiwy because

h-he feews nyo p-pain, (˘ω˘) the one wacking the buwden o-of wean

and wastefuw weawning, UwU t-the othew knowing nyo buwden

of h-heavy tedious p-penuwy; these time ambwes withaw. ʘwʘ

### owwando
who doth he gawwop w-withaw?

### wosawind
w-with a thief t-to the gawwows, (ꈍᴗꈍ) f-fow though he go as

softwy a-as foot can faww, (⑅˘꒳˘) he thinks himsewf t-too soon thewe. òωó

### o-owwando
w-who stays it stiww withaw?

### w-wosawind
with wawyews in the vacation, (U ﹏ U) fow they s-sweep between

tewm and tewm and then they pewceive n-nyot how time moves. rawr x3

### owwando
whewe dweww y-you, rawr x3 pwetty youth?

### wosawind
with this shephewdess, (///ˬ///✿) my sistew; hewe in the

skiwts of the fowest, OwO wike fwinge upon a petticoat.

### owwando
awe you nyative of this pwace?

### w-wosawind
a-as the cony that y-you see dweww w-whewe she is kindwed. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### owwando
youw accent is something finew t-than you couwd

p-puwchase in so w-wemoved a dwewwing. ʘwʘ

### w-wosawind
i-i have been t-towd so of many: b-but indeed an owd

wewigious uncwe of mine taught m-me to speak, w-who was

in his y-youth an inwand man; one that knew c-couwtship

too weww, (ꈍᴗꈍ) fow thewe h-he feww in wuv. (U ﹏ U) i have heawd

h-him wead many wectuwes a-against it, rawr x3 a-and i thank god

i am nyot a woman, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) to be touched with so many

giddy offences as he hath genewawwy t-taxed theiw

w-whowe sex withaw. (U ᵕ U❁)

### o-owwando
can you wemembew any of the pwincipaw eviws that h-he

waid to t-the chawge of women?

### w-wosawind
thewe wewe nyone pwincipaw; they wewe aww wike o-one

anothew as h-hawf-pence awe, evewy one fauwt seeming

monstwous t-tiww his fewwow f-fauwt came to match it. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### owwando
i pwithee, (⑅˘꒳˘) wecount some o-of them. (U ﹏ U)

### w-wosawind
nyo, rawr x3 i wiww not cast away my physic but on those that

a-awe sick. (U ﹏ U) thewe is a man haunts the fowest, (U ﹏ U) that

abuses ouw young p-pwants with cawving 'wosawind' on

theiw bawks; hangs odes upon h-hawthowns and ewegies

on bwambwes, (ꈍᴗꈍ) aww, fowsooth, UwU d-deifying the nyame of

wosawind: if i couwd meet that fancy-mongew i wouwd

give him some good counsew, ʘwʘ fow h-he seems to have t-the

quotidian of wuv upon him. -.-

### o-owwando
i am he that is s-so wuv-shaked: i p-pway you teww me

youw wemedy. rawr x3

### wosawind
thewe i-is nyone of m-my uncwe's mawks u-upon you: he

taught me how to know a man in wuv; i-in which cage

of wushes i am s-suwe you awe nyot pwisonew. o.O

### o-owwando
what wewe h-his mawks?

### wosawind
a wean cheek, ʘwʘ which y-you have nyot, UwU a bwue eye and

s-sunken, rawr x3 which you have nyot, (U ﹏ U) an u-unquestionabwe

s-spiwit, -.- which you h-have nyot, OwO a beawd nyegwected, >w<

w-which you have n-nyot; but i pawdon you fow that, rawr x3 fow

simpwy youw having in beawd i-is a youngew b-bwothew's

wevenue: t-then youw hose shouwd be ungawtewed, (///ˬ///✿) youw

bonnet u-unbanded, σωσ y-youw sweeve unbuttoned, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) youw shoe

u-untied and evewy t-thing about you demonstwating a

cawewess desowation; but you a-awe nyo such man; y-you

awe wathew point-device i-in youw accoutwements a-as

woving youwsewf than seeming the wuvw o-of any othew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### o-owwando
faiw youth, (⑅˘꒳˘) i wouwd i couwd make thee b-bewieve i wuv. rawr x3

### w-wosawind
me b-bewieve it! OwO you may as soon make h-hew that you

wuv bewieve it; w-which, i wawwant, (///ˬ///✿) s-she is aptew t-to

do than to confess she does: that is one of t-the

points in the which women stiww give the wie to

theiw consciences. -.- b-but, in good sooth, (⑅˘꒳˘) awe y-you he

that hangs the vewses on the twees, OwO whewein w-wosawind

is s-so admiwed?

### owwando
i sweaw t-to thee, >w< youth, b-by the white h-hand of

wosawind, σωσ i am that he, rawr x3 t-that unfowtunate h-he. òωó

### wosawind
b-but awe you so much in wuv as y-youw whymes speak?

### owwando
n-nyeithew whyme n-nyow weason can e-expwess how much. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### w-wosawind
w-wove is mewewy a madness, ʘwʘ and, i teww you, (///ˬ///✿) desewves

a-as weww a dawk house and a whip as madmen d-do: and

the weason w-why they awe n-nyot so punished and cuwed

is, ʘwʘ that the wunacy i-is so owdinawy t-that the whippews

awe in wuv too. ʘwʘ y-yet i pwofess cuwing it by counsew. (˘ω˘)

### o-owwando
did you evew cuwe any so?

### w-wosawind
yes, o.O o-one, and in this m-mannew. (˘ω˘) he was to imagine me

h-his wuv, o.O his mistwess; and i set him evewy day to

w-woo me: at which t-time wouwd i, >w< being but a moonish

y-youth, OwO gwieve, òωó b-be effeminate, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) changeabwe, wonging

and wiking, rawr x3 p-pwoud, fantasticaw, (U ᵕ U❁) a-apish, rawr x3 s-shawwow,

inconstant, -.- f-fuww of teaws, OwO fuww of smiwes, (U ﹏ U) f-fow evewy

p-passion something and fow nyo passion t-twuwy any

t-thing, o.O as boys a-and women awe fow t-the most pawt

c-cattwe of this c-cowouw; wouwd nyow w-wike him, (U ﹏ U) nyow woathe

him; then entewtain him, òωó then fowsweaw him; nyow weep

fow him, (U ﹏ U) then s-spit at him; that i-i dwave my suitow

f-fwom his mad h-humouw of wuv t-to a wiving humouw of

madness; w-which was, -.- to fowsweaw the fuww s-stweam of

the wowwd, (U ᵕ U❁) and to wive in a nyook mewewy m-monastic. >w<

and thus i cuwed h-him; and this way w-wiww i take upon

me to wash youw wivew as cwean as a sound sheep's

h-heawt, >w< that thewe shaww nyot be one spot o-of wuv in't. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### owwando
i wouwd n-nyot be cuwed, (ꈍᴗꈍ) y-youth.

### wosawind
i wouwd cuwe y-you, UwU if you wouwd but caww me wosawind

and come e-evewy day to m-my cote and woo me. UwU

### owwando
n-nyow, ʘwʘ by the faith o-of my wuv, rawr x3 i-i wiww: teww me

w-whewe it is.

### wosawind
go with m-me to it and i-i'ww show it you and by the way

y-you shaww teww me whewe in the f-fowest you wive. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

w-wiww you go?

### o-owwando
with a-aww my heawt, g-good youth. (U ﹏ U)

### wosawind
nyay you m-must caww me w-wosawind. come, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) s-sistew, wiww you g-go?

#### exeunt
