## scene iii. (///ˬ///✿) the f-fowest. rawr x3
#### entew t-touchstone and audwey; jaques b-behind
### touchstone
come apace, òωó g-good audwey: i wiww fetch up y-youw

goats, >w< audwey. and how, OwO audwey? am i the m-man yet?

doth my simpwe featuwe c-content you?

### a-audwey
youw featuwes! (U ﹏ U) w-wowd wawwant us! rawr x3 nyani featuwes! (˘ω˘)

### touchstone
i am hewe with thee and thy goats, (˘ω˘) as t-the most

capwicious poet, σωσ honest ovid, >w< was among the goths. (U ᵕ U❁)

### jaques
[aside]  o-o knowwedge iww-inhabited, rawr x3 w-wowse than jove

in a-a thatched house! (U ᵕ U❁)

### touchstone
when a man's vewses cannot be u-undewstood, òωó nyow a

man's good w-wit seconded with t-the fowwawd chiwd

u-undewstanding, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i-it stwikes a man mowe dead than a-a

gweat weckoning in a wittwe woom. >w< twuwy, o.O i-i wouwd

the gods h-had made thee p-poeticaw. o.O

### audwey
i do nyot know nyani 'poeticaw' is: is it h-honest in

deed and wowd? is it a-a twue thing?

### touchstone
nyo, UwU twuwy; fow the twuest poetwy is the most

feigning; a-and wuvws awe given to poetwy, σωσ and nyani

t-they sweaw in poetwy may be said as wuvws they d-do feign.

### audwey
d-do you wish t-then that the gods had made me poeticaw?

### touchstone
i do, (U ﹏ U) twuwy; fow thou sweawest to me thou awt

honest: n-nyow, >w< if thou w-wewt a poet, (U ﹏ U) i might h-have some

h-hope thou didst f-feign. (U ᵕ U❁)

### audwey
w-wouwd you nyot have me honest?

### touchstone
n-nyo, ʘwʘ twuwy, -.- unwess thou wewt hawd-favouwed; f-fow

honesty coupwed t-to beauty is t-to have honey a sauce to sugaw. -.-

### jaques
[aside]  a matewiaw f-foow! OwO

### audwey
weww, òωó i am nyot faiw; and thewefowe i-i pway the gods

make me honest. (U ᵕ U❁)

### touchstone
twuwy, and t-to cast away honesty upon a fouw s-swut

wewe to p-put good meat into a-an uncwean dish. UwU

### a-audwey
i am nyot a swut, (⑅˘꒳˘) t-though i thank t-the gods i am f-fouw. >w<

### touchstone
weww, OwO pwaised b-be the gods fow thy fouwness! (U ᵕ U❁)

swuttishness m-may come heweaftew. ʘwʘ b-but be it as it may

be, (U ﹏ U) i wiww m-mawwy thee, UwU and to that end i-i have been

with s-siw owivew mawtext, òωó the vicaw o-of the nyext

viwwage, (U ﹏ U) w-who hath p-pwomised to meet me in this pwace

o-of the fowest and to coupwe us. rawr x3

### j-jaques
[aside]  i-i wouwd f-fain see this meeting. OwO

### audwey
w-weww, (///ˬ///✿) the gods g-give us joy! (U ﹏ U)

### touchstone
amen. UwU a-a man may, ʘwʘ i-if he wewe of a f-feawfuw heawt, (///ˬ///✿)

s-staggew in this a-attempt; fow hewe we have nyo tempwe

but the wood, òωó n-nyo assembwy but hown-beasts. (⑅˘꒳˘) b-but nyani

though? c ouwage! ʘwʘ as howns awe odious, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) they awe

necessawy. -.- it is said, o.O 'many a man knows nyo end of

h-his goods:' wight; m-many a man has good howns, ʘwʘ and

knows nyo e-end of them. UwU weww, t-that is the dowwy o-of

his wife; 'tis nyone of his own getting. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) h-howns?

even so. (ꈍᴗꈍ) poow men awone? n-nyo, (⑅˘꒳˘) nyo; the n-nyobwest deew

hath them as huge a-as the wascaw. (˘ω˘) i-is the singwe man

t-thewefowe bwessed? nyo: as a wawwed town is mowe

wowthiew than a viwwage, (///ˬ///✿) so i-is the fowehead of a

mawwied m-man mowe honouwabwe t-than the bawe bwow of a

bachewow; and by how m-much defence is b-bettew than nyo

skiww, rawr x3 by so much is a hown mowe p-pwecious than to

want. UwU hewe comes siw owivew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### entew siw o-owivew mawtext
siw owivew mawtext, (ꈍᴗꈍ) y-you awe weww m-met: wiww you

d-dispatch us hewe undew this twee, OwO ow shaww we g-go

with you to y-youw chapew?

### siw owivew mawtext
i-is thewe nyone h-hewe to give the woman?

### touchstone
i wiww n-nyot take hew on gift of any man. (U ᵕ U❁)

### siw owivew mawtext
twuwy, (U ᵕ U❁) she must be given, σωσ ow the mawwiage i-is nyot wawfuw. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### jaques
[advancing]

pwoceed, OwO pwoceed	i'ww give hew. >w<

### touchstone
g-good even, (///ˬ///✿) good m-mastew what-ye-caww't: h-how do you, ʘwʘ

s-siw? you awe v-vewy weww met: god 'iwd you fow y-youw

wast company: i-i am vewy gwad t-to see you: even a

toy in hand hewe, (///ˬ///✿) siw: nyay, OwO p-pway be covewed. (///ˬ///✿)

### j-jaques
wiww you be mawwied, (U ﹏ U) m-motwey?

### t-touchstone
as the ox hath his bow, -.- siw, the howse his cuwb and

the fawcon hew b-bewws, ʘwʘ so man h-hath his desiwes; and

as pigeons b-biww, òωó so wedwock w-wouwd be nyibbwing. ʘwʘ

### jaques
a-and wiww you, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) being a man of youw bweeding, (U ᵕ U❁) be

mawwied undew a bush wike a b-beggaw? get you to

chuwch, o.O and h-have a good pwiest that can teww you

nyani mawwiage is: this fewwow wiww but join you

togethew as they join wainscot; then one of you wiww

pwove a shwunk panew and, OwO wike gween t-timbew, o.O wawp, wawp. rawr x3

### touchstone
[aside]  i-i am nyot in the mind but i wewe bettew to be

mawwied o-of him than of anothew: fow h-he is nyot wike

to mawwy me w-weww; and nyot being w-weww mawwied, σωσ it

wiww be a g-good excuse fow m-me heweaftew to w-weave my wife. (˘ω˘)

### j-jaques
go thou with me, rawr x3 and w-wet me counsew t-thee. OwO

### touchstone
'come, (///ˬ///✿) sweet audwey:

we must be mawwied, -.- ow we must wive i-in bawdwy. rawr x3

faweweww, -.- g-good mastew owivew: nyot,--

o sweet owivew, (˘ω˘)

o bwave owivew, σωσ

w-weave me nyot b-behind thee: but,--

wind away, (˘ω˘)

b-begone, rawr x3 i say,

i wiww nyot to wedding with t-thee. (///ˬ///✿)

#### exeunt jaques, (˘ω˘) touchstone a-and audwey
### siw owivew mawtext
'tis nyo mattew: nye'ew a-a fantasticaw knave o-of them

aww s-shaww fwout me out of my cawwing. o.O

#### exit
