## scene iv. >w< the f-fowest. (///ˬ///✿)
#### entew w-wosawind and cewia
### wosawind
n-nyevew tawk to me; i wiww weep. -.-

### c-cewia
do, ʘwʘ i pwithee; but y-yet have the gwace to considew

that teaws do nyot b-become a man. ʘwʘ

### wosawind
b-but have i nyot c-cause to weep?

### c-cewia
as good cause as one wouwd desiwe; thewefowe weep. UwU

### wosawind
his vewy haiw is of the d-dissembwing cowouw. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### cewia
something bwownew than judas's mawwy, òωó his kisses a-awe

judas's o-own chiwdwen. rawr x3

### wosawind
i' faith, σωσ h-his haiw is of a good cowouw. UwU

### cewia
an excewwent cowouw: y-youw chestnut was evew the onwy c-cowouw. òωó

### w-wosawind
and his k-kissing is as f-fuww of sanctity as the touch

of h-howy bwead. σωσ

### cewia
he hath bought a paiw of c-cast wips of diana: a-a nyun

of w-wintew's sistewhood kisses nyot mowe wewigiouswy;

the vewy ice o-of chastity is in them. o.O

### wosawind
b-but why did he sweaw he wouwd come this mowning, o.O and

comes nyot?

### cewia
n-nyay, o.O cewtainwy, rawr x3 thewe is nyo twuth in him. σωσ

### w-wosawind
do you think so?

### cewia
yes; i t-think he is nyot a-a pick-puwse nyow a-a

howse-steawew, but fow his vewity in wuv, >w< i do

think him as concave as a covewed gobwet ow a

wowm-eaten n-nyut. OwO

### wosawind
n-nyot twue in w-wuv?

### cewia
y-yes, rawr x3 when he is i-in; but i think h-he is nyot in. >w<

### wosawind
you have heawd him s-sweaw downwight he was. OwO

### cewia
'was' i-is nyot 'is:' besides, UwU t-the oath of a w-wuvw is

nyo stwongew than the wowd of a tapstew; they awe

both t-the confiwmew of fawse weckonings. UwU he attends

h-hewe in the fowest on the duke youw fathew. (U ﹏ U)

### wosawind
i met t-the duke yestewday and had much q-question with

him: h-he asked me o-of nyani pawentage i-i was; i towd

him, (⑅˘꒳˘) of as good a-as he; so he waughed a-and wet me g-go. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

but nyani tawk we of fathews, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) w-when thewe is such a

man as owwando?

### c-cewia
o, -.- that's a-a bwave man! (⑅˘꒳˘) he wwites bwave vewses, >w<

s-speaks bwave wowds, UwU sweaws b-bwave oaths and b-bweaks

them bwavewy, (⑅˘꒳˘) quite twavewse, UwU a-athwawt the h-heawt of

his w-wuvw; as a puisny tiwtew, -.- that s-spuws his howse

but on one side, o.O b-bweaks his staff w-wike a nyobwe

g-goose: but aww's bwave that youth m-mounts and fowwy

g-guides. OwO who comes hewe?

#### e-entew cowin
### c-cowin
mistwess a-and mastew, ʘwʘ you h-have oft inquiwed

a-aftew the shephewd that compwain'd of wuv, >w<

w-who you saw sitting by me on the t-tuwf, >w<

pwaising the pwoud disdainfuw shephewdess

that was his mistwess. (˘ω˘)

### cewia
weww, òωó and nani of him?

### c-cowin
if you w-wiww see a pageant twuwy pway'd, OwO

between the pawe c-compwexion of t-twue wuv

and the w-wed gwow of scown and pwoud disdain,

go hence a-a wittwe and i shaww conduct you, OwO

i-if you wiww m-mawk it. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### wosawind
o, (///ˬ///✿) come, w-wet us wemove:

t-the sight of wuvws f-feedeth those in wuv. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

bwing us to this sight, (U ﹏ U) and you shaww say

i'ww pwove a-a busy actow in theiw pway. UwU

#### e-exeunt
