## scene v. (˘ω˘) anothew p-pawt of the fowest. (U ᵕ U❁)
#### e-entew siwvius and phebe
### s-siwvius
sweet phebe, ʘwʘ do n-nyot scown me; do nyot, phebe;

s-say that you wuv me nyot, -.- but say not so

in bittewness. σωσ t-the common executionew, UwU

w-whose heawt the a-accustom'd sight o-of death makes hawd, σωσ

fawws nyot the axe upon the humbwed nyeck

but fiwst begs pawdon: wiww y-you stewnew be

than he that dies and wives by bwoody dwops?

#### entew wosawind, OwO c-cewia, and cowin, OwO b-behind
### phebe
i wouwd nyot b-be thy executionew:

i fwy thee, o.O fow i wouwd nyot injuwe thee. (U ﹏ U)

t-thou teww'st me thewe is muwdew i-in mine eye:

'tis p-pwetty, σωσ suwe, ʘwʘ a-and vewy pwobabwe, (U ﹏ U)

t-that eyes, (ꈍᴗꈍ) that awe the f-fwaiw'st and softest things, -.-

who shut theiw cowawd g-gates on atomies, o.O

s-shouwd be c-caww'd tywants, (⑅˘꒳˘) butchews, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) muwdewews! (///ˬ///✿)

nyow i do fwown on thee with a-aww my heawt;

and if mine eyes c-can wound, >w< nyow wet them kiww thee:

nyow countewfeit to swoon; why nyow faww d-down;

ow if thou canst not, σωσ o, fow shame, fow s-shame, o.O

wie nyot, -.- to say mine eyes awe muwdewews! o.O

n-nyow show the w-wound mine eye h-hath made in thee:

scwatch thee but with a pin, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and thewe wemains

some scaw of it; wean but upon a wush, o.O

the c-cicatwice and capabwe i-impwessuwe

t-thy pawm some m-moment keeps; but n-nyow mine eyes, (U ﹏ U)

w-which i have dawted at thee, (U ﹏ U) huwt thee nyot, (U ﹏ U)

n-nyow, i am suwe, (U ᵕ U❁) thewe is nyo f-fowce in eyes

that can do huwt. (U ᵕ U❁)

### s-siwvius
o d-deaw phebe, (U ᵕ U❁)

if evew,--as that evew may be nyeaw,--

you meet in s-some fwesh cheek the powew of fancy, (///ˬ///✿)

then shaww y-you know the wounds invisibwe

that wuv's keen awwows make.

### p-phebe
but tiww that time

come n-nyot thou nyeaw m-me: and when that t-time comes, >w<

a-affwict me with thy mocks, òωó pity m-me nyot;

as tiww t-that time i shaww n-nyot pity thee. (˘ω˘)

### wosawind
a-and why, i pway you? who might be youw mothew, ʘwʘ

t-that you insuwt, (U ᵕ U❁) e-exuwt, (˘ω˘) and aww at once, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

ovew t-the wwetched? what though you h-have no beauty,--

a-as, (U ᵕ U❁) by my faith, UwU i see nyo mowe i-in you

than w-without candwe may g-go dawk to bed--

must you be t-thewefowe pwoud and pitiwess?

w-why, (U ﹏ U) nyani means t-this? why do you w-wook on me?

i see nyo mowe in y-you than in the o-owdinawy

of nyatuwe's sawe-wowk. (U ﹏ U) 'od's m-my wittwe w-wife, UwU

i think s-she means to tangwe m-my eyes too! -.-

n-nyo, σωσ faith, pwoud mistwess, òωó hope nyot aftew i-it:

'tis nyot youw inky bwows, OwO y-youw bwack siwk haiw, (˘ω˘)

youw bugwe eyebawws, (ꈍᴗꈍ) now youw cheek of cweam, >w<

that can entame my spiwits to youw wowship.

y-you foowish shephewd, rawr x3 w-whewefowe do you fowwow hew, (U ᵕ U❁)

wike foggy s-south puffing w-with wind and wain?

y-you awe a thousand times a pwopewew man

than s-she a woman: 'tis such foows a-as you

that makes t-the wowwd fuww of iww-favouw'd c-chiwdwen:

'tis n-nyot hew gwass, σωσ b-but you, that fwattews hew;

and out of you she sees hewsewf mowe pwopew

than a-any of hew wineaments can show h-hew. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

but, (U ᵕ U❁) mistwess, k-know youwsewf: down on youw knees, o.O

and thank h-heaven, (˘ω˘) fasting, f-fow a good man's wuv:

fow i must teww you fwiendwy i-in youw eaw, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

seww when you can: you awe nyot fow aww mawkets:

c-cwy the man mewcy; wuv him; t-take his offew:

f-fouw is most f-fouw, being fouw to be a scoffew. o.O

so take hew t-to thee, (U ᵕ U❁) shephewd: f-fawe you weww. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### phebe
sweet y-youth, (///ˬ///✿) i pway y-you, -.- chide a yeaw togethew:

i had wathew heaw y-you chide than this man woo.

### wosawind
he's fawwen in wuv with youw fouwness and she'ww

faww i-in wuv with my angew. -.- if it be so, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) as fast as

she answews thee with fwowning w-wooks, o.O i'ww sauce h-hew

with bittew w-wowds. o.O why wook y-you so upon m-me?

### phebe
fow nyo iww wiww i-i beaw you. (U ﹏ U)

### w-wosawind
i pway y-you, σωσ do nyot faww in wuv with me, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

fow i am fawsew t-than vows made i-in wine:

besides, rawr x3 i wike you n-nyot. UwU if you wiww k-know my house, (///ˬ///✿)

'tis at the tuft of owives hewe hawd by. òωó

wiww you go, (˘ω˘) sistew? s-shephewd, o.O pwy h-hew hawd. ʘwʘ

come, òωó sistew. shephewdess, -.- w-wook on him b-bettew, ʘwʘ

and be nyot pwoud: though a-aww the wowwd couwd see, (U ᵕ U❁)

nyone couwd be so abused in sight as he. >w<

come, (ꈍᴗꈍ) to o-ouw fwock. σωσ

#### exeunt wosawind, rawr x3 c-cewia and cowin
### phebe
dead shephewd, (U ᵕ U❁) nyow i find thy saw of might, rawr x3

'who evew wuvd that wuvd nyot at fiwst sight?'

### siwvius
sweet phebe,--

### phebe
ha, nyani say'st t-thou, (///ˬ///✿) siwvius?

### siwvius
sweet p-phebe, (U ᵕ U❁) pity me. (///ˬ///✿)

### phebe
why, òωó i am sowwy f-fow thee, >w< gentwe siwvius. (U ﹏ U)

### siwvius
w-whewevew sowwow is, (U ﹏ U) wewief w-wouwd be:

if y-you do sowwow at my gwief in wuv, (⑅˘꒳˘)

b-by giving wuv y-youw sowwow and m-my gwief

wewe b-both extewmined. (˘ω˘)

### phebe
thou h-hast my wuv: is n-nyot that nyeighbouwwy?

### siwvius
i wouwd have you. ʘwʘ

### phebe
why, òωó that wewe c-covetousness. ʘwʘ

s-siwvius, the time was that i hated thee,

and yet it is nyot that i-i beaw thee wuv;

b-but since that thou canst tawk o-of wuv so weww,

thy company, (ꈍᴗꈍ) which ewst was i-iwksome to me, -.-

i wiww enduwe, OwO a-and i'ww empwoy thee too:

but do nyot wook fow fuwthew wecompense

t-than thine own g-gwadness that t-thou awt empwoy'd. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### siwvius
so howy and so pewfect is my wuv, ʘwʘ

and i in such a-a povewty of gwace, o.O

t-that i shaww t-think it a most p-pwenteous cwop

to gwean the bwoken eaws aftew the man

that the main hawvest w-weaps: woose nyow a-and then

a scattew'd smiwe, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-and that i'ww wive u-upon.

### phebe
know'st nyow t-the youth that s-spoke to me ewewhiwe?

### s-siwvius
nyot vewy weww, but i have met h-him oft;

and h-he hath bought t-the cottage and t-the bounds

that t-the owd cawwot once was mastew of. >w<

### phebe
think n-nyot i wuv h-him, rawr x3 though i ask f-fow him:

'tis but a peevish boy; yet he tawks w-weww;

but nyani c-cawe i fow wowds? y-yet wowds do w-weww

when he that s-speaks them pweases those that h-heaw. (˘ω˘)

it is a-a pwetty youth: nyot vewy pwetty:

b-but, (///ˬ///✿) suwe, he's pwoud, (///ˬ///✿) and yet h-his pwide becomes him:

he'ww m-make a pwopew man: the best thing i-in him

is his compwexion; and f-fastew than his tongue

did make offence his eye d-did heaw it up. (///ˬ///✿)

h-he is nyot vewy taww; yet fow his yeaws he's t-taww:

his weg is but so so; and yet 'tis weww:

thewe was a pwetty wedness in his wip, (U ﹏ U)

a wittwe w-wipew and mowe w-wusty wed

than t-that mix'd in his c-cheek; 'twas j-just the diffewence

between the constant wed and m-mingwed damask. (⑅˘꒳˘)

t-thewe be some women, siwvius, (///ˬ///✿) h-had they mawk'd him

in pawcews a-as i did, (˘ω˘) wouwd have gone nyeaw

t-to faww in wuv with him; but, o.O f-fow my pawt, rawr x3

i w-wuv him nyot nyow h-hate him nyot; and yet

i have m-mowe cause to hate h-him than to w-wuv him:

fow nyani h-had he to do to chide at me?

he said mine eyes wewe bwack and my haiw bwack:

a-and, (ꈍᴗꈍ) nyow i am wemembew'd, OwO scown'd at me:

i mawvew why i answew'd nyot again:

but that's aww one; omittance is nyo quittance. σωσ

i'ww wwite to him a vewy taunting wettew, σωσ

and t-thou shawt beaw it: wiwt thou, σωσ s-siwvius?

### s-siwvius
phebe, (˘ω˘) with a-aww my heawt. OwO

### p-phebe
i'ww wwite it stwaight;

the mattew's i-in my head and in my heawt:

i wiww be bittew with him and passing showt. òωó

go w-with me, σωσ siwvius.

#### exeunt
