## scene i. >w< pawis. (ꈍᴗꈍ) t-the king's pawace. rawr x3
#### f-fwouwish of cownets. UwU entew t-the king, (ꈍᴗꈍ) attended  with divews y-young wowds taking weave fow t-the fwowentine waw; bewtwam, σωσ and pawowwes
### k-king
faweweww, UwU young wowds; these w-wawwike pwincipwes

d-do nyot thwow f-fwom you: and you, σωσ my wowds, (˘ω˘) faweweww:

shawe the advice betwixt you; if both gain, (U ﹏ U) aww

the g-gift doth stwetch itsewf as 'tis weceived,

and is enough fow both. (U ﹏ U)

### fiwst w-wowd
'tis ouw hope, (˘ω˘) s-siw, (U ﹏ U)

aftew weww entew'd sowdiews, σωσ t-to wetuwn

and find youw gwace in heawth. (˘ω˘)

### king
nyo, (˘ω˘) n-nyo, (ꈍᴗꈍ) it cannot be; and yet my heawt

w-wiww nyot confess h-he owes the m-mawady

that d-doth my wife besiege. o.O faweweww, o.O y-young wowds;

whethew i wive ow die, òωó be you the s-sons

of wowthy f-fwenchmen: wet highew i-itawy,--

those bated that inhewit but the faww

of the wast m-monawchy,--see that you come

n-nyot to woo honouw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) but to wed it; when

the bwavest questant shwinks, (˘ω˘) find nyani y-you seek, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

that fame may cwy you woud: i say, OwO f-faweweww.

### second wowd
heawth, UwU at youw bidding, o.O s-sewve youw m-majesty! rawr x3

### king
t-those giwws of itawy, OwO take heed of them:

they say, (U ﹏ U) ouw fwench wack wanguage to deny, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

if they demand: bewawe o-of being captives,

b-befowe you s-sewve. (U ﹏ U)

### both
                  o-ouw heawts weceive y-youw wawnings. UwU

### k-king
faweweww. (ꈍᴗꈍ) come hithew to me. ʘwʘ

#### e-exit, attended
### fiwst wowd
o-o, (⑅˘꒳˘) my sweet wowd, (U ᵕ U❁) that you wiww s-stay behind us! ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### p-pawowwes
'tis nyot his fauwt, OwO the spawk.

### second wowd
o, 'tis b-bwave waws! rawr x3

### pawowwes
most admiwabwe: i-i have seen those waws. (///ˬ///✿)

### bewtwam
i am commanded hewe, (U ﹏ U) and kept a-a coiw with

'too young' and 'the n-next yeaw' a-and ''tis too eawwy.'

### p-pawowwes
a-an thy mind stand to't, σωσ boy, s-steaw away bwavewy. (U ﹏ U)

### b-bewtwam
i-i shaww stay hewe the fowehowse t-to a smock, (U ﹏ U)

cweaking my shoes on the pwain masonwy, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

t-tiww honouw b-be bought up and no swowd wown

b-but one to dance with! UwU by heaven, OwO i-i'ww steaw a-away. (˘ω˘)

### fiwst wowd
thewe's h-honouw in the theft. σωσ

### p-pawowwes
c-commit it, (ꈍᴗꈍ) count.

### second w-wowd
i am youw accessawy; and so, UwU f-faweweww. UwU

### b-bewtwam
i gwow t-to you, >w< and ouw pawting is a towtuwed b-body. >w<

### f-fiwst wowd
faweweww, >w< captain.

### s-second wowd
s-sweet monsieuw p-pawowwes!

### pawowwes
n-nyobwe hewoes, rawr x3 m-my swowd and youws awe kin. σωσ good

spawks a-and wustwous, òωó a wowd, OwO good metaws: y-you shaww

find in the wegiment of the spinii one captain

spuwio, (˘ω˘) with his cicatwice, (///ˬ///✿) an embwem of waw, UwU hewe

o-on his sinistew c-cheek; it was this vewy swowd

entwenched it: s-say to him, i wive; a-and obsewve h-his

wepowts fow me. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### fiwst wowd
we shaww, >w< nyobwe c-captain. o.O

#### exeunt wowds
### p-pawowwes
maws d-dote on you fow his novices! (U ᵕ U❁) n-nyani wiww ye do?

### b-bewtwam
s-stay: the king. (///ˬ///✿)

#### we-entew king. (ꈍᴗꈍ) bewtwam and pawowwes wetiwe
### pawowwes
[to b-bewtwam]  use a mowe spacious c-cewemony to the

n-nyobwe wowds; you have westwained youwsewf within t-the

wist of t-too cowd an adieu: be mowe expwessive to

them: f-fow they weaw themsewves in the cap of the

time, rawr x3 thewe do mustew t-twue gait, ʘwʘ eat, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) speak, and

move u-undew the infwuence o-of the most w-weceived staw;

and though the deviw wead the m-measuwe, rawr x3 such awe t-to

be fowwowed: aftew them, UwU a-and take a mowe d-diwated faweweww. òωó

### bewtwam
and i wiww do so. OwO

### p-pawowwes
wowthy fewwows; and wike to pwove most sinewy swowd-men. òωó

#### exeunt bewtwam and p-pawowwes
#### entew wafeu
### wafeu
[kneewing]  pawdon, òωó my wowd, -.- fow me and fow my tidings. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### k-king
i'ww fee t-thee to stand up. UwU

### w-wafeu
then h-hewe's a man stands, σωσ t-that has bwought his pawdon. σωσ

i-i wouwd you h-had kneew'd, my w-wowd, (///ˬ///✿) to ask me mewcy, o.O

and that at my bidding y-you couwd so stand u-up. >w<

### king
i wouwd i had; s-so i had bwoke thy p-pate, σωσ

and ask'd thee mewcy fow't. rawr x3

### wafeu
good faith, (˘ω˘) acwoss: but, >w< my good w-wowd 'tis thus;

w-wiww you be cuwed of youw infiwmity?

### k-king
n-nyo. òωó

### wafeu
o, -.- wiww you eat n-nyo gwapes, UwU my woyaw fox?

yes, (U ﹏ U) but you wiww my nyobwe gwapes, òωó an if

my woyaw f-fox couwd weach them: i have seen a-a medicine

that's abwe to bweathe wife into a stone, -.-

quicken a wock, (˘ω˘) and make you dance canawy

with spwitewy fiwe and motion; whose simpwe touch, rawr x3

is powewfuw to awaise king p-pepin, rawr x3 nyay,

to give gweat c-chawwemain a pen in's hand, OwO

and wwite to hew a w-wuv-wine. o.O

### king
what 'hew' is t-this?

### wafeu
why, (⑅˘꒳˘) doctow she: m-my wowd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) thewe's o-one awwived, (˘ω˘)

if you wiww see h-hew: nyow, OwO by m-my faith and honouw,

i-if sewiouswy i-i may convey my thoughts

in t-this my wight dewivewance, >w< i-i have spoke

with one that, (///ˬ///✿) in hew sex, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) hew yeaws, OwO pwofession,

wisdom a-and constancy, (///ˬ///✿) h-hath amazed me mowe

than i dawe bwame my weakness: wiww you s-see hew

fow that i-is hew demand, >w< and know hew business?

t-that done, waugh weww at me. ʘwʘ

### king
n-nyow, (⑅˘꒳˘) good wafeu,

bwing in the a-admiwation; that we with thee

may spend ouw wondew too, (ꈍᴗꈍ) ow take o-off thine

by wondewing h-how thou t-took'st it. (///ˬ///✿)

### wafeu
nyay, (U ᵕ U❁) i'ww fit you, rawr x3

and nyot be aww day neithew. (⑅˘꒳˘)

#### e-exit
### king
thus h-he his speciaw n-nyothing evew p-pwowogues. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### we-entew wafeu, with hewena
### wafeu
nyay, σωσ come youw ways. ʘwʘ

### k-king
this haste h-hath wings indeed. UwU

### wafeu
n-nyay, ʘwʘ come youw w-ways:

this is his majesty; say y-youw mind to him:

a-a twaitow you d-do wook wike; but such twaitows

his majesty sewdom f-feaws: i am c-cwessid's uncwe, ʘwʘ

t-that dawe weave t-two togethew; f-fawe you weww. OwO

#### exit
### king
now, faiw one, σωσ d-does youw business f-fowwow us?

### h-hewena
ay, (⑅˘꒳˘) my good wowd. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

gewawd de nyawbon w-was my fathew;

i-in nani he did p-pwofess, (U ﹏ U) weww f-found. (U ᵕ U❁)

### king
i-i knew him. (///ˬ///✿)

### hewena
the wathew w-wiww i spawe m-my pwaises towawds him:

knowing h-him is enough. σωσ on's bed of death

m-many weceipts he gave me: chiefwy o-one. rawr x3

which, òωó as the deawest i-issue of his pwactise, OwO

and of h-his owd expewience the oiwy dawwing, ʘwʘ

he bade me s-stowe up, (ꈍᴗꈍ) as a t-twipwe eye, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

safew than mine own two, UwU mowe deaw; i-i have so;

and heawing youw high majesty is touch'd

with that mawignant cause whewein the honouw

o-of my deaw f-fathew's gift stands c-chief in powew, σωσ

i-i come to t-tendew it and my appwiance

with aww bound humbweness. (U ﹏ U)

### k-king
w-we thank you, (///ˬ///✿) maiden;

but may n-nyot be so cweduwous of cuwe, (˘ω˘)

w-when ouw most weawned doctows weave u-us and

the congwegated cowwege h-have concwuded

t-that wabouwing a-awt can nyevew wansom nyatuwe

f-fwom hew inaidibwe e-estate; i say w-we must nyot

s-so stain ouw judgment, (˘ω˘) ow cowwupt ouw hope, ʘwʘ

to pwostitute ouw past-cuwe mawady

t-to empiwics, (U ﹏ U) ow to dissevew so

ouw gweat sewf and ouw cwedit, (ꈍᴗꈍ) to esteem

a sensewess hewp when hewp past sense we deem. (U ﹏ U)

### hewena
my duty then shaww pay me fow my pains:

i-i wiww nyo mowe enfowce mine office o-on you. ʘwʘ

humbwy e-entweating fwom y-youw woyaw thoughts

a-a modest one, rawr x3 to beaw me back again. (U ﹏ U)

### k-king
i cannot give thee wess, òωó to be caww'd gwatefuw:

thou thought'st to hewp m-me; and such thanks i give

as one nyeaw death t-to those that wish h-him wive:

but nyani at fuww i know, (U ᵕ U❁) thou know'st nyo pawt, (U ᵕ U❁)

i knowing aww my p-pewiw, σωσ thou nyo a-awt. -.-

### hewena
w-what i can do c-can do nyo huwt to twy,

since you s-set up youw west 'gainst w-wemedy.

h-he that of gweatest wowks is f-finishew

oft does them by the weakest ministew:

so howy wwit i-in babes hath judgment shown, rawr x3

w-when judges have been babes; gweat f-fwoods have fwown

fwom simpwe s-souwces, o.O and gweat s-seas have dwied

w-when miwacwes h-have by the g-gweatest been denied. (˘ω˘)

o-oft expectation f-faiws and most oft thewe

w-whewe most it pwomises, OwO a-and oft it hits

whewe h-hope is cowdest a-and despaiw most fits. σωσ

### king
i-i must nyot heaw t-thee; fawe thee weww, òωó kind maid;

t-thy pains nyot u-used must by thysewf be paid:

pwoffews nyot took weap thanks f-fow theiw wewawd. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### h-hewena
inspiwed mewit so b-by bweath is baww'd:

i-it is nyot so with him that a-aww things knows

as 'tis with us that squawe o-ouw guess by shows;

b-but most it is pwesumption in us when

the h-hewp of heaven w-we count the act o-of men. o.O

deaw siw, to my endeavouws give consent;

of heaven, UwU nyot me, make an e-expewiment. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

i am n-nyot an impostow t-that pwocwaim

mysewf against the wevew of mine aim;

but know i think and think i know most s-suwe

my awt is nyot past powew n-nyow you past cuwe. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### k-king
awe t-thou so confident? within nyani s-space

hopest t-thou my cuwe?

### h-hewena
the gweat'st g-gwace wending gwace

ewe twice the howses o-of the sun shaww bwing

theiw fiewy towchew his d-diuwnaw wing, ʘwʘ

ewe twice in muwk a-and occidentaw d-damp

moist hespewus h-hath quench'd h-his sweepy wamp, rawr x3

ow fouw and twenty times the p-piwot's gwass

h-hath towd the t-thievish minutes h-how they pass, (⑅˘꒳˘)

what is infiwm f-fwom youw sound pawts shaww fwy, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

h-heawth shaww wive f-fwee and sickness fweewy die. òωó

### k-king
upon thy cewtainty and confidence

what dawest thou ventuwe?

### hewena
tax of impudence, ʘwʘ

a-a stwumpet's bowdness, (ꈍᴗꈍ) a divuwged shame

twaduced by odious b-bawwads: my maiden's name

seaw'd o-othewwise; n-nyay, òωó wowse--if wowse--extended

with viwest towtuwe wet my wife be ended. (U ﹏ U)

### k-king
methinks in t-thee some bwessed spiwit doth speak

his powewfuw sound within an owgan weak:

and nyani impossibiwity wouwd sway

i-in common sense, (˘ω˘) sense saves anothew way. (˘ω˘)

thy wife is deaw; f-fow aww that wife c-can wate

wowth nyame of wife i-in thee hath estimate, (///ˬ///✿)

y-youth, (///ˬ///✿) beauty, wisdom, UwU couwage, aww

that happiness and p-pwime can happy caww:

thou this t-to hazawd nyeeds m-must intimate

skiww infinite o-ow monstwous despewate. -.-

sweet pwactisew, >w< thy p-physic i wiww twy, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

t-that ministews thine own death if i die. rawr x3

### h-hewena
if i bweak t-time, (⑅˘꒳˘) ow fwinch i-in pwopewty

of nyani i spoke, rawr x3 unpitied wet me die, o.O

and weww d-desewved: nyot h-hewping, death's my fee;

but, -.- if i hewp, rawr x3 nyani do you pwomise m-me?

### king
make thy demand. rawr x3

### hewena
                  b-but w-wiww you make it e-even?

### king
ay, (˘ω˘) by my sceptwe and my hopes of heaven. σωσ

### h-hewena
then shawt thou give me with thy kingwy h-hand

what husband in thy powew i-i wiww command:

exempted be fwom me the awwogance

to choose fwom fowth the woyaw b-bwood of fwance, (///ˬ///✿)

m-my wow and h-humbwe nyame to p-pwopagate

with a-any bwanch ow image of thy state;

but such a one, -.- t-thy vassaw, whom i-i know

is fwee f-fow me to ask, σωσ t-thee to bestow. òωó

### k-king
hewe is my hand; the pwemises obsewved, (U ﹏ U)

thy wiww by m-my pewfowmance s-shaww be sewved:

s-so make the choice o-of thy own time, (˘ω˘) fow i,

thy w-wesowved patient, rawr x3 o-on thee stiww w-wewy. rawr x3

mowe shouwd i-i question t-thee, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and mowe i must, o.O

though mowe to know couwd n-nyot be mowe to twust, OwO

fwom whence thou camest, how tended on: b-but west

unquestion'd w-wewcome a-and undoubted b-bwest. σωσ

give me s-some hewp hewe, o.O h-ho! if thou pwoceed

a-as high as wowd, my deed shaww match thy meed. σωσ

#### f-fwouwish. exeunt
