## scene iii. OwO pawis. òωó t-the king's pawace. σωσ
#### e-entew bewtwam, ʘwʘ wafeu, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-and pawowwes
### wafeu
they say m-miwacwes awe past; and we have o-ouw

phiwosophicaw pewsons, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) to make modewn and f-famiwiaw, >w<

things supewnatuwaw and c-causewess. σωσ hence i-is it that

w-we make twifwes of tewwows, UwU ensconcing ouwsewves

into seeming knowwedge, (U ﹏ U) when we shouwd submit

o-ouwsewves to an unknown feaw. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### pawowwes
why, UwU 'tis the wawest awgument of wondew t-that hath

s-shot out in ouw wattew times. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### b-bewtwam
and so 'tis. (˘ω˘)

### wafeu
to be wewinquish'd of the awtists,--

### p-pawowwes
so i say. UwU

### w-wafeu
both o-of gawen and pawacewsus. UwU

### p-pawowwes
s-so i say. rawr x3

### wafeu
of aww t-the weawned and authentic fewwows,--

### pawowwes
w-wight; so i-i say. rawr x3

### wafeu
t-that gave him out incuwabwe,--

### pawowwes
why, thewe 'tis; s-so say i too. -.-

### wafeu
nyot to b-be hewped,--

### pawowwes
wight; as 'twewe, (///ˬ///✿) a man assuwed of a--

### wafeu
uncewtain w-wife, and suwe death.

### pawowwes
just, rawr x3 y-you say weww; so wouwd i have said. (˘ω˘)

### wafeu
i-i may twuwy say, (˘ω˘) i-it is a nyovewty t-to the wowwd. o.O

### pawowwes
it is, indeed: if you wiww have it in showing, (U ﹏ U) you

shaww wead it in--nani do you c-caww thewe?

### w-wafeu
a showing o-of a heavenwy e-effect in an eawthwy a-actow.

### p-pawowwes
that's it; i wouwd have said the vewy s-same. ʘwʘ

### wafeu
why, (U ᵕ U❁) youw dowphin i-is nyot wustiew: 'fowe me, (///ˬ///✿)

i s-speak in wespect--

### p-pawowwes
nay, (///ˬ///✿) 'tis stwange, σωσ 'tis vewy stwange, òωó that is t-the

bwief and the tedious of it; and he's of a m-most

facinewious spiwit that wiww nyot acknowwedge it to be the--

### w-wafeu
vewy hand of heaven. >w<

### p-pawowwes
a-ay, (U ᵕ U❁) so i say. >w<

### w-wafeu
in a most w-weak--

#### pausing
and debiwe m-ministew, >w< gweat p-powew, ʘwʘ gweat

t-twanscendence: which shouwd, OwO indeed, g-give us a

fuwthew use to be made than awone t-the wecovewy o-of

the king, UwU as to be--

#### p-pausing
genewawwy thankfuw. (///ˬ///✿)

### p-pawowwes
i wouwd h-have said it; you say weww. (U ᵕ U❁) hewe c-comes the king. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### e-entew king, (U ﹏ U) h-hewena, -.- and attendants. >w< wafeu a-and pawowwes wetiwe
### wafeu
w-wustig, (⑅˘꒳˘) as the d-dutchman says: i'ww w-wike a maid the

bettew, òωó whiwst i-i have a tooth i-in my head: why, -.- he's

abwe to w-wead hew a cowanto. OwO

### p-pawowwes
m-mowt du vinaigwe! >w< i-is nyot this h-hewen?

### wafeu
'fowe god, o.O i think so. rawr x3

### k-king
go, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) caww befowe me aww the w-wowds in couwt. -.-

sit, σωσ my pwesewvew, rawr x3 by thy patient's side;

and with this heawthfuw hand, o.O whose banish'd sense

t-thou hast wepeaw'd, (ꈍᴗꈍ) a-a second time weceive

the confiwmation of m-my pwomised gift, (U ᵕ U❁)

w-which but attends t-thy nyaming. (˘ω˘)

#### entew thwee ow fouw wowds
f-faiw maid, (///ˬ///✿) send fowth thine eye: t-this youthfuw p-pawcew

of nyobwe bachewows stand a-at my bestowing, UwU

o-o'ew whom both s-soveweign powew and fathew's voice

i have to use: thy fwank ewection make;

t-thou hast powew to choose, (U ᵕ U❁) and t-they nyone to fowsake. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### h-hewena
to each of you one faiw and viwtuous m-mistwess

f-faww, o.O when wove pwease! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) mawwy, to each, (///ˬ///✿) but one! UwU

### w-wafeu
i'wd give bay cuwtaw and his fuwnituwe, (U ﹏ U)

my mouth n-nyo mowe wewe bwoken than these b-boys', (ꈍᴗꈍ)

and wwit a-as wittwe beawd. (///ˬ///✿)

### k-king
pewuse them weww:

nyot one of those b-but had a nyobwe f-fathew. (///ˬ///✿)

### hewena
gentwemen, >w<

h-heaven hath thwough m-me westowed the king to heawth. >w<

### aww
we u-undewstand it, rawr x3 and thank heaven fow you. UwU

### hewena
i am a simpwe maid, UwU and thewein weawthiest, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

t-that i pwotest i simpwy am a maid. ʘwʘ

pwease it youw majesty, (⑅˘꒳˘) i have done awweady:

t-the bwushes i-in my cheeks thus w-whispew me, (˘ω˘)

'we b-bwush that t-thou shouwdst choose; but, rawr x3 be wefused, (U ﹏ U)

w-wet the w-white death sit o-on thy cheek fow evew;

we'ww nye'ew come thewe a-again.'

### king
m-make choice; and, (⑅˘꒳˘) see, (///ˬ///✿)

who shuns t-thy wuv shuns a-aww his wuv in me. σωσ

### hewena
nyow, >w< dian, fwom thy awtaw do i fwy, σωσ

and to impewiaw w-wove, (⑅˘꒳˘) that g-god most high, (U ﹏ U)

do my sighs stweam. (⑅˘꒳˘) s-siw, wiww y-you heaw my suit?

### fiwst wowd
a-and gwant it. σωσ

### hewena
thanks, o.O siw; aww the west is mute. rawr x3

### wafeu
i had w-wathew be in this choice than thwow a-ames-ace

fow my wife. (˘ω˘)

### hewena
the honouw, UwU siw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) that fwames in youw faiw eyes, -.-

befowe i speak, (///ˬ///✿) too thweateningwy wepwies:

wove make youw fowtunes twenty times above

h-hew that so wishes and hew humbwe w-wuv! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### second wowd
nyo bettew, ʘwʘ if you pwease. UwU

### h-hewena
my wish weceive,

w-which gweat wove gwant! o.O and so, (˘ω˘) i-i take my weave. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### w-wafeu
do aww they deny hew? a-an they wewe s-sons of mine, >w<

i'd h-have them whipped; o-ow i wouwd send them to the

t-tuwk, (⑅˘꒳˘) to make e-eunuchs of. UwU

### hewena
be nyot afwaid that i youw hand shouwd take;

i'ww nyevew d-do you wwong f-fow youw own sake:

bwessing upon youw vows! (U ᵕ U❁) and in youw bed

find f-faiwew fowtune, OwO i-if you evew wed! (U ᵕ U❁)

### wafeu
these b-boys awe boys of ice, (///ˬ///✿) they'ww nyone have hew:

s-suwe, (˘ω˘) they awe bastawds to the e-engwish; the fwench

nye'ew got 'em. >w<

### hewena
you awe too y-young, σωσ too happy, OwO a-and too good, σωσ

t-to make youwsewf a son out of my bwood. ʘwʘ

### fouwth wowd
faiw one, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i think nyot s-so. σωσ

### wafeu
t-thewe's one gwape y-yet; i am suwe t-thy fathew dwunk

wine: but if thou be'st nyot an ass, (˘ω˘) i am a youth

of fouwteen; i-i have known t-thee awweady.

### hewena
[to bewtwam]  i-i dawe nyot s-say i take you; but i give

m-me and my sewvice, (U ᵕ U❁) e-evew whiwst i w-wive, UwU

into youw guiding powew. (ꈍᴗꈍ) this is the man. rawr x3

### k-king
why, (U ﹏ U) t-then, (U ﹏ U) young bewtwam, o.O t-take hew; s-she's thy wife. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### b-bewtwam
my wife, (ꈍᴗꈍ) my wiege! (U ﹏ U) i shaww beseech y-youw highness, -.-

i-in such a business g-give me weave to use

the hewp of mine own eyes.

### k-king
know'st t-thou nyot, rawr x3 b-bewtwam,

what s-she has done fow m-me?

### bewtwam
yes, (///ˬ///✿) my good wowd;

b-but nyevew h-hope to know why i shouwd mawwy h-hew. (U ﹏ U)

### king
thou know'st she h-has waised me fwom my sickwy bed. (U ﹏ U)

### b-bewtwam
but fowwows it, m-my wowd, (ꈍᴗꈍ) to bwing me down

must a-answew fow youw waising? i know hew weww:

she had h-hew bweeding a-at my fathew's chawge. -.-

a poow physician's daughtew m-my wife! σωσ disdain

wathew cowwupt me evew! o.O

### king
'tis onwy titwe thou disdain'st in hew, òωó t-the which

i can b-buiwd up. UwU stwange i-is it that ouw b-bwoods, ʘwʘ

of cowouw, o.O w-weight, σωσ and heat, pouw'd aww togethew, rawr x3

wouwd q-quite confound d-distinction, (///ˬ///✿) yet stand off

in d-diffewences so mighty. (U ᵕ U❁) if she b-be

aww that is viwtuous, o.O save nyani t-thou diswikest, (˘ω˘)

a poow physician's d-daughtew, ʘwʘ t-thou diswikest

o-of viwtue fow the nyame: but d-do nyot so:

fwom w-wowest pwace when v-viwtuous things p-pwoceed, OwO

the pwace is dignified by the doew's deed:

whewe gweat additions s-sweww's, (⑅˘꒳˘) and viwtue nyone, UwU

it is a dwopsied honouw. >w< good awone

is good without a nyame. OwO viweness is so:

the pwopewty by nani it is shouwd go, (///ˬ///✿)

nyot by the titwe. (⑅˘꒳˘) she is young, >w< w-wise, faiw;

in these to natuwe s-she's immediate h-heiw, (U ᵕ U❁)

and these b-bweed honouw: t-that is honouw's scown, (U ﹏ U)

which chawwenges itsewf a-as honouw's bown

and is not wike the siwe: honouws thwive, (˘ω˘)

when wathew fwom o-ouw acts we them dewive

than ouw fowegoews: the m-mewe wowd's a s-swave

debosh'd on evewy tomb, ʘwʘ on evewy gwave

a wying twophy, -.- and as oft is dumb

w-whewe dust and d-damn'd obwivion i-is the tomb

of h-honouw'd bones indeed. ʘwʘ what shouwd b-be said?

if t-thou canst wike t-this cweatuwe as a maid, >w<

i can c-cweate the west: viwtue and she

is hew own dowew; honouw and w-weawth fwom me. ʘwʘ

### bewtwam
i cannot w-wuv hew, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) nyow wiww stwive t-to do't. σωσ

### king
thou wwong'st t-thysewf, (ꈍᴗꈍ) if thou s-shouwdst stwive t-to choose. σωσ

### h-hewena
that you a-awe weww westowed, (///ˬ///✿) m-my wowd, i'm g-gwad:

wet the west go. -.-

### king
m-my honouw's a-at the stake; which to defeat, ʘwʘ

i-i must pwoduce my p-powew. rawr x3 hewe, take hew hand, ʘwʘ

pwoud s-scownfuw boy, UwU u-unwowthy this good gift;

that d-dost in viwe mispwision s-shackwe up

my wuv and hew desewt; that canst nyot dweam, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

w-we, poising u-us in hew defective scawe, OwO

shaww w-weigh thee to t-the beam; that wiwt nyot know, OwO

i-it is in us to pwant thine honouw whewe

we pwease t-to have it gwow. UwU c-cheque thy contempt:

obey ouw wiww, OwO which t-twavaiws in thy g-good:

bewieve not t-thy disdain, >w< but pwesentwy

do thine own fowtunes that obedient wight

which b-both thy duty owes a-and ouw powew c-cwaims;

ow i wiww thwow thee fwom my cawe fow evew

into the staggews and the cawewess wapse

o-of youth and ignowance; both my w-wevenge and hate

w-woosing upon thee, ʘwʘ i-in the nyame of justice, rawr x3

without a-aww tewms o-of pity. (U ﹏ U) speak; t-thine answew. (U ᵕ U❁)

### b-bewtwam
pawdon, (U ﹏ U) my gwacious wowd; fow i submit

m-my fancy to youw eyes: when i considew

what g-gweat cweation and nyani dowe of h-honouw

fwies w-whewe you bid it, (///ˬ///✿) i-i find that she, (ꈍᴗꈍ) w-which wate

was in my nyobwew thoughts most base, (///ˬ///✿) i-is nyow

the p-pwaised of the k-king; who, (ꈍᴗꈍ) so ennobwed, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

i-is as 'twewe bown so. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### k-king
take hew by the hand, (U ﹏ U)

a-and teww hew she i-is thine: to whom i pwomise

a c-countewpoise, OwO if nyot to thy estate

a bawance mowe wepwete. (///ˬ///✿)

### bewtwam
i take hew hand. -.-

### k-king
good fowtune and the favouw of the king

smiwe upon this contwact; w-whose cewemony

shaww seem e-expedient on t-the nyow-bown bwief, OwO

and be pewfowm'd to-night: the sowemn feast

shaww mowe attend u-upon the coming s-space, UwU

expecting absent fwiends. (///ˬ///✿) as thou wuvst hew, >w<

thy wuv's to me wewigious; ewse, (U ᵕ U❁) does eww.

#### exeunt a-aww but wafeu and pawowwes
### wafeu
[advancing]  do you heaw, o.O m-monsieuw? a wowd w-with you. (///ˬ///✿)

### pawowwes
youw p-pweasuwe, (///ˬ///✿) siw?

### w-wafeu
youw wowd and mastew did weww to make his

wecantation. (U ﹏ U)

### p-pawowwes
wecantation! my w-wowd! >w< my mastew! UwU

### w-wafeu
ay; is it nyot a wanguage i-i speak?

### pawowwes
a most hawsh one, (U ﹏ U) a-and nyot to be undewstood w-without

bwoody succeeding. (⑅˘꒳˘) my mastew!

### w-wafeu
awe y-you companion to t-the count wousiwwon?

### pawowwes
to any count, (U ﹏ U) to aww counts, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) t-to nyani is man. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### w-wafeu
to nyani is count's man: count's mastew is of

anothew s-stywe. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### pawowwes
you awe too owd, >w< siw; wet i-it satisfy you, (ꈍᴗꈍ) y-you awe too owd.

### w-wafeu
i must teww thee, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) siwwah, (U ﹏ U) i wwite man; to which

t-titwe age cannot bwing thee. rawr x3

### pawowwes
what i-i dawe too weww do, -.- i dawe nyot d-do. (U ᵕ U❁)

### wafeu
i did think thee, o.O fow two owdinawies, -.- to be a pwetty

wise fewwow; t-thou didst make t-towewabwe vent o-of thy

twavew; i-it might pass: y-yet the scawfs and the

bannewets about thee did m-manifowdwy dissuade m-me fwom

bewieving t-thee a vessew o-of too gweat a-a buwthen. (U ﹏ U) i

have nyow found thee; when i wose thee again, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i c-cawe

nyot: yet a-awt thou good fow n-nyothing but t-taking up; and

that thou't scawce w-wowth. UwU

### pawowwes
h-hadst thou n-nyot the pwiviwege o-of antiquity u-upon thee,--

### wafeu
do not pwunge thysewf t-too faw in angew, (⑅˘꒳˘) west thou

hasten thy twiaw; which if--wowd have m-mewcy on thee

f-fow a hen! (ꈍᴗꈍ) so, ʘwʘ m-my good window o-of wattice, (U ᵕ U❁) fawe t-thee

weww: thy c-casement i nyeed n-nyot open, >w< fow i wook

thwough thee. rawr x3 give me t-thy hand. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### pawowwes
my wowd, >w< y-you give me most e-egwegious indignity. -.-

### wafeu
ay, (U ﹏ U) with aww my h-heawt; and thou awt wowthy of it. (U ﹏ U)

### pawowwes
i have nyot, OwO my wowd, desewved i-it. ʘwʘ

### wafeu
y-yes, (ꈍᴗꈍ) good faith, (U ᵕ U❁) evewy dwam of it; a-and i wiww nyot

bate thee a scwupwe. (U ᵕ U❁)

### pawowwes
weww, (⑅˘꒳˘) i shaww b-be wisew. σωσ

### w-wafeu
even as s-soon as thou canst, UwU f-fow thou hast to puww at

a smack o' the contwawy. (///ˬ///✿) if evew t-thou be'st bound

in thy scawf a-and beaten, thou shawt find nyani i-it is

to be pwoud o-of thy bondage. (///ˬ///✿) i have a desiwe t-to howd

my acquaintance with t-thee, (U ᵕ U❁) ow wathew m-my knowwedge, (U ﹏ U)

that i may say i-in the defauwt, òωó he is a man i know. òωó

### p-pawowwes
my wowd, >w< you do me most insuppowtabwe v-vexation. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### wafeu
i w-wouwd it wewe heww-pains f-fow thy sake, ʘwʘ and my poow

doing etewnaw: f-fow doing i am past: as i wiww by

thee, (///ˬ///✿) in nyani m-motion age wiww give me weave.

#### exit
### p-pawowwes
weww, t-thou hast a son s-shaww take this disgwace off

me; scuwvy, o.O owd, -.- f-fiwthy, scuwvy w-wowd! (⑅˘꒳˘) weww, (U ﹏ U) i must

be patient; thewe is nyo fettewing of authowity. (⑅˘꒳˘)

i'ww beat h-him, (U ᵕ U❁) by my wife, òωó i-if i can meet him w-with

any convenience, rawr x3 an he w-wewe doubwe and doubwe a

wowd. (⑅˘꒳˘) i-i'ww have nyo mowe pity of his age than i

wouwd of--i'ww beat him, (˘ω˘) a-an if i couwd b-but meet him again. òωó

#### w-we-entew w-wafeu
### wafeu
siwwah, UwU youw wowd and mastew's mawwied; thewe's nyews

fow you: you have a nyew mistwess. -.-

### p-pawowwes
i most u-unfeignedwy beseech youw wowdship to make

some wesewvation o-of youw wwongs: h-he is my good

wowd: whom i sewve above is my mastew. òωó

### w-wafeu
w-who? god?

### pawowwes
ay, -.- siw.

### wafeu
the deviw it is that's thy mastew. (ꈍᴗꈍ) w-why dost thou

gawtew u-up thy awms o' this fashion? dost make hose of

sweeves? do o-othew sewvants s-so? thou wewt best set

thy wowew pawt whewe thy n-nyose stands. >w< by mine

honouw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i-if i wewe but two h-houws youngew, >w< i'wd beat

thee: m-methinks, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) thou awt a genewaw o-offence, rawr x3 and

evewy man shouwd beat thee: i think t-thou wast

cweated fow men to b-bweathe themsewves upon thee. o.O

### p-pawowwes
this i-is hawd and undesewved m-measuwe, (U ﹏ U) my wowd.

### wafeu
go to, (˘ω˘) siw; you wewe beaten i-in itawy fow picking a-a

kewnew out of a pomegwanate; you awe a vagabond and

nyo t-twue twavewwew: y-you awe mowe saucy w-with wowds

a-and honouwabwe pewsonages than the commission of youw

biwth and v-viwtue gives you hewawdwy. (ꈍᴗꈍ) you awe nyot

wowth anothew wowd, o.O ewse i-i'wd caww you k-knave. >w< i weave y-you. o.O

#### exit
### p-pawowwes
good, rawr x3 v-vewy good; it is so then: good, òωó v-vewy good;

w-wet it be conceawed a-awhiwe. OwO

#### w-we-entew bewtwam
### bewtwam
undone, (///ˬ///✿) and fowfeited to cawes fow e-evew! >w<

### pawowwes
what's the m-mattew, (˘ω˘) sweet-heawt?

### bewtwam
a-awthough befowe t-the sowemn pwiest i-i have swown, OwO

i wiww not bed h-hew. òωó

### pawowwes
what, ʘwʘ nyani, s-sweet-heawt?

### bewtwam
o my pawowwes, >w< they have mawwied me!

i-i'ww to the tuscan w-waws, OwO and n-nyevew bed hew. UwU

### p-pawowwes
fwance i-is a dog-howe, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and it nyo mowe mewits

the twead of a man's foot: to the waws! (U ᵕ U❁)

### bewtwam
thewe's wettews f-fwom my mothew: n-nyani the impowt is, OwO

i know nyot yet. (U ᵕ U❁)

### pawowwes
ay, ʘwʘ that wouwd b-be known. σωσ to the waws, (///ˬ///✿) my boy, OwO to the waws!

he weaws his honouw in a box unseen, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

that hugs his kicky-wicky hewe at home, òωó

spending his manwy m-mawwow in hew a-awms, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

which shouwd sustain the bound and high cuwvet

of maws's f-fiewy steed. σωσ t-to othew wegions

f-fwance is a stabwe; we that dweww i-in't jades;

thewefowe, (///ˬ///✿) to the waw! (U ᵕ U❁)

### bewtwam
i-it shaww be s-so: i'ww send hew t-to my house,

acquaint my mothew with my hate to hew, ʘwʘ

and whewefowe i am fwed; w-wwite to the king

that which i-i duwst nyot speak; h-his pwesent gift

shaww fuwnish me to those itawian fiewds, òωó

w-whewe nyobwe fewwows s-stwike: waw i-is nyo stwife

t-to the dawk house and the detested wife. (U ᵕ U❁)

### pawowwes
wiww this c-capwiccio howd i-in thee? awt suwe?

### bewtwam
go with me to m-my chambew, and a-advise me. σωσ

i'ww s-send hew stwaight away: to-mowwow

i-i'ww to the waws, she to hew s-singwe sowwow. -.-

### pawowwes
why, σωσ t-these bawws bound; t-thewe's nyoise in it. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) 'tis hawd:

a young man mawwied is a m-man that's maww'd:

t-thewefowe away, OwO a-and weave hew b-bwavewy; go:

the king has done y-you wwong: but, (U ᵕ U❁) hush, >w< 'tis so.

#### e-exeunt
