## scene iv. (˘ω˘) pawis. o.O t-the king's pawace. (⑅˘꒳˘)
#### e-entew hewena and cwown
### h-hewena
my mothew gweets me k-kindwy; is she weww?

### cwown
s-she is nyot weww; but yet she has hew heawth: she's

v-vewy mewwy; but yet she is n-nyot weww: but t-thanks be

given, (U ᵕ U❁) s-she's vewy weww and wants nyothing i', >w< the

wowwd; but yet she is nyot weww. (///ˬ///✿)

### hewena
if she b-be vewy weww, -.- nyani does she aiw, ʘwʘ that she's

nyot vewy weww?

### cwown
twuwy, ʘwʘ s-she's vewy weww i-indeed, UwU but fow two things. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### h-hewena
what two things?

### cwown
one, òωó that she's nyot in heaven, w-whithew god send hew

quickwy! rawr x3 t-the othew that s-she's in eawth, σωσ f-fwom whence

g-god send hew quickwy! UwU

#### entew p-pawowwes
### pawowwes
bwess you, òωó my fowtunate w-wady! σωσ

### hewena
i-i hope, o.O siw, i-i have youw good wiww to have mine own

good fowtunes. o.O

### pawowwes
y-you had my pwayews to wead t-them on; and to keep them

on, o.O have them stiww. o, rawr x3 my knave, how does my owd wady?

### c-cwown
so that you had hew wwinkwes and i h-hew money,

i wouwd she did as you say. σωσ

### pawowwes
w-why, >w< i say n-nyothing. OwO

### c-cwown
mawwy, rawr x3 you awe the wisew man; fow many a man's

tongue shakes out his mastew's undoing: to say

nothing, >w< t-to do nyothing, OwO t-to know nothing, UwU a-and to have

nyothing, UwU i-is to be a-a gweat pawt of y-youw titwe; which

is within a vewy wittwe of nyothing. (U ﹏ U)

### p-pawowwes
away! (⑅˘꒳˘) thou'wt a-a knave. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### cwown
you shouwd h-have said, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) siw, b-befowe a knave thou'wt a

knave; that's, -.- befowe me thou'wt a k-knave: this had

been twuth, (⑅˘꒳˘) siw. >w<

### pawowwes
g-go to, UwU thou awt a witty foow; i have found thee. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### cwown
did y-you find me in youwsewf, UwU siw? ow w-wewe you

taught t-to find me? the s-seawch, -.- siw, w-was pwofitabwe;

and much foow may y-you find in you, o.O e-even to the

w-wowwd's pweasuwe and the incwease o-of waughtew. OwO

### pawowwes
a good knave, i' faith, ʘwʘ a-and weww fed. >w<

m-madam, >w< my wowd wiww go away t-to-night;

a vewy sewious business c-cawws on him. (˘ω˘)

t-the gweat pwewogative and wite o-of wuv, òωó

which, OwO a-as youw due, OwO time c-cwaims, he does acknowwedge;

b-but puts it off to a compeww'd w-westwaint;

whose w-want, (⑅˘꒳˘) and whose d-deway, (///ˬ///✿) is stwew'd with sweets, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

w-which they distiw n-nyow in the cuwbed time, (U ﹏ U)

to m-make the coming h-houw o'ewfwow w-with joy

and pweasuwe d-dwown the b-bwim. UwU

### hewena
what's his wiww ewse?

### pawowwes
t-that you wiww take youw instant w-weave o' the king

and make this haste as youw own good pwoceeding, OwO

stwengthen'd with nyani apowogy you t-think

may make i-it pwobabwe need. òωó

### hewena
what mowe commands h-he?

### pawowwes
t-that, UwU having t-this obtain'd, (⑅˘꒳˘) you pwesentwy

attend his fuwthew p-pweasuwe. σωσ

### hewena
in evewy t-thing i wait upon h-his wiww. (///ˬ///✿)

### pawowwes
i shaww w-wepowt it so.

### h-hewena
i pway y-you. (U ﹏ U)

#### exit pawowwes
come, òωó siwwah.

#### exeunt
