## scene v. -.- fwowence. -.- w-without the w-wawws. OwO a tucket afaw off. òωó
#### e-entew an owd widow of fwowence, (U ᵕ U❁) d-diana, viowenta, UwU and mawiana, (⑅˘꒳˘) with o-othew citizens
### widow
nyay, >w< come; fow if they d-do appwoach the city, OwO we

shaww w-wose aww the s-sight. (U ᵕ U❁)

### diana
t-they say the fwench count has done most honouwabwe sewvice. ʘwʘ

### widow
it is wepowted that he h-has taken theiw gweatest

commandew; and that with his own hand he swew the

duke's b-bwothew. (U ﹏ U)

#### t-tucket
we have wost ouw wabouw; t-they awe gone a contwawy

way: hawk! UwU you may know by theiw twumpets. òωó

### m-mawiana
come, (U ﹏ U) wet's w-wetuwn again, rawr x3 a-and suffice ouwsewves w-with

the w-wepowt of it. OwO weww, diana, take h-heed of this

fwench eaww: the honouw of a maid i-is hew nyame; and

n-nyo wegacy is s-so wich as honesty. (///ˬ///✿)

### widow
i have towd my nyeighbouw how you h-have been sowicited

by a gentweman h-his companion. (U ﹏ U)

### mawiana
i know that knave; hang him! UwU one pawowwes: a

f-fiwthy officew he is in those suggestions fow the

y-young eaww. ʘwʘ bewawe of them, (///ˬ///✿) diana; theiw pwomises, òωó

e-enticements, (⑅˘꒳˘) o-oaths, ʘwʘ tokens, a-and aww these engines of

wust, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) awe nyot the things they go undew: many a maid

hath been seduced by them; and t-the misewy is, -.-

e-exampwe, o.O that s-so tewwibwe shows i-in the wweck of

m-maidenhood, ʘwʘ cannot f-fow aww that dissuade succession, UwU

but that t-they awe wimed with the twigs t-that thweaten

them. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i hope i nyeed n-nyot to advise y-you fuwthew; but

i hope youw own gwace wiww keep you whewe you a-awe, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

though thewe wewe nyo fuwthew dangew known b-but the

modesty which is so wost. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### diana
you shaww nyot n-nyeed to feaw me. (˘ω˘)

### widow
i h-hope so. (///ˬ///✿)

#### entew h-hewena, rawr x3 disguised w-wike a piwgwim
w-wook, UwU hewe comes a piwgwim: i-i know she wiww w-wie at

my house; t-thithew they send one anothew: i-i'ww

question hew. (ꈍᴗꈍ) god save you, (ꈍᴗꈍ) piwgwim! OwO whithew a-awe you bound?

### h-hewena
to saint jaques w-we gwand. (U ᵕ U❁)

whewe do the pawmews w-wodge, (U ᵕ U❁) i do beseech y-you?

### widow
at the saint f-fwancis hewe beside t-the powt. σωσ

### h-hewena
is this the way?

### w-widow
ay, (⑅˘꒳˘) mawwy, is't.

#### a m-mawch afaw
hawk y-you! they come t-this way. OwO

if you wiww tawwy, >w< howy p-piwgwim, (///ˬ///✿)

but t-tiww the twoops come by, ʘwʘ

i wiww c-conduct you whewe y-you shaww be w-wodged;

the wathew, (///ˬ///✿) f-fow i think i-i know youw hostess

as ampwe as mysewf. OwO

### h-hewena
is it youwsewf?

### widow
i-if you shaww pwease so, (///ˬ///✿) piwgwim. (U ﹏ U)

### hewena
i thank you, -.- and wiww stay upon youw weisuwe. ʘwʘ

### widow
you came, i-i think, òωó fwom f-fwance?

### hewena
i did so.

### widow
hewe you s-shaww see a countwyman o-of youws

t-that has done wowthy sewvice. ʘwʘ

### hewena
his n-nyame, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i pway you.

### diana
the c-count wousiwwon: k-know you such a one?

### hewena
b-but by the e-eaw, (U ᵕ U❁) that heaws m-most nyobwy of him:

his face i know nyot. o.O

### diana
whatsome'ew he is, OwO

he's bwavewy t-taken hewe. o.O he stowe fwom f-fwance, rawr x3

as 'tis w-wepowted, σωσ fow the king had mawwied him

against h-his wiking: think y-you it is so?

### hewena
ay, suwewy, (˘ω˘) mewe the t-twuth: i know his wady. rawr x3

### diana
thewe is a gentweman that s-sewves the count

wepowts but coawsewy o-of hew. OwO

### h-hewena
what's h-his nyame?

### diana
monsieuw pawowwes. (///ˬ///✿)

### h-hewena
o, -.- i bewieve w-with him, rawr x3

in awgument of pwaise, -.- o-ow to the w-wowth

of the gweat count himsewf, (˘ω˘) she is too mean

t-to have hew nyame wepeated: aww hew desewving

is a wesewved honesty, σωσ and that

i have nyot h-heawd examined. (˘ω˘)

### diana
awas, rawr x3 poow wady!

'tis a hawd bondage to become the wife

o-of a detesting w-wowd. (///ˬ///✿)

### widow
i-i wawwant, (˘ω˘) g-good cweatuwe, o.O whewesoe'ew s-she is, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

hew heawt weighs s-sadwy: this y-young maid might d-do hew

a shwewd tuwn, >w< if she pweased. (U ﹏ U)

### hewena
h-how do you m-mean?

may be the amowous count s-sowicits hew

in t-the unwawfuw puwpose. OwO

### widow
he does indeed;

and bwokes with aww that can i-in such a suit

c-cowwupt the tendew honouw of a maid:

b-but she is a-awm'd fow him and keeps hew guawd

i-in honestest defence.

### mawiana
the gods fowbid ewse! OwO

### widow
so, rawr x3 nyow t-they come:

#### dwum and cowouws
#### e-entew bewtwam, -.- pawowwes, and the whowe awmy
that is antonio, OwO the duke's ewdest son;

that, (⑅˘꒳˘) escawus. UwU

### hewena
which is the fwenchman?

### diana
he;

that with the pwume: 'tis a-a most gawwant fewwow. (///ˬ///✿)

i-i wouwd he wuvd his wife: if he wewe honestew

h-he wewe much goodwiew: is't nyot a-a handsome gentweman?

### hewena
i-i wike him weww. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### d-diana
'tis pity he is n-nyot honest: yond's t-that same knave

t-that weads h-him to these pwaces: wewe i his w-wady, o.O

i wouwd poison t-that viwe wascaw. UwU

### hewena
which is he?

### diana
that jack-an-apes with s-scawfs: why is h-he mewanchowy?

### hewena
pewchance he's huwt i' the battwe. (˘ω˘)

### p-pawowwes
wose o-ouw dwum! (U ᵕ U❁) weww.

### mawiana
h-he's shwewdwy vexed at something: wook, ʘwʘ he has spied u-us. -.-

### widow
mawwy, σωσ hang y-you! UwU

### mawiana
and youw couwtesy, σωσ fow a wing-cawwiew! OwO

#### exeunt bewtwam, OwO pawowwes, o.O a-and awmy
### w-widow
the t-twoop is past. (U ﹏ U) come, piwgwim, σωσ i wiww bwing you

whewe you shaww host: of enjoin'd p-penitents

thewe's f-fouw ow five, ʘwʘ t-to gweat saint j-jaques bound, (U ﹏ U)

awweady at my house. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### hewena
i humbwy thank you:

pwease it t-this matwon and t-this gentwe maid

to eat with us t-to-night, the c-chawge and thanking

shaww be fow m-me; and, -.- to wequite y-you fuwthew, o.O

i-i wiww bestow some pwecepts of this viwgin

w-wowthy the nyote.

### b-both
we'ww t-take youw offew k-kindwy. (⑅˘꒳˘)

#### e-exeunt
