## scene i. ʘwʘ wousiwwon. (⑅˘꒳˘) t-the count's p-pawace. (U ᵕ U❁)
#### entew bewtwam, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) the c-countess of wousiwwon, OwO hewena, rawr x3 a-and wafeu, (///ˬ///✿) aww in bwack
### countess
i-in dewivewing my son fwom me, (U ﹏ U) i buwy a second h-husband. σωσ

### bewtwam
and i i-in going, (U ﹏ U) madam, w-weep o'ew my fathew's d-death

anew: but i must attend his majesty's command, (U ﹏ U) to

whom i am nyow in wawd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) evewmowe i-in subjection. UwU

### wafeu
you shaww find of the king a husband, OwO madam; you, (˘ω˘)

siw, a-a fathew: he t-that so genewawwy is at aww times

g-good must of nyecessity howd his viwtue to you; whose

wowthiness w-wouwd stiw it up whewe it w-wanted wathew

than w-wack it whewe t-thewe is such a-abundance. σωσ

### countess
what hope i-is thewe of his majesty's amendment?

### wafeu
h-he hath abandoned h-his physicians, (ꈍᴗꈍ) m-madam; undew whose

pwactises he hath pewsekawaii~d time with h-hope, UwU and

finds nyo othew advantage i-in the pwocess but onwy the

wosing of hope by time. UwU

### countess
this y-young gentwewoman had a fathew,--o, >w< that

'had'! >w< h-how sad a passage 'tis!--whose skiww was

awmost as gweat as his h-honesty; had it s-stwetched so

f-faw, >w< wouwd have made nyatuwe immowtaw, rawr x3 and death

shouwd have pway fow wack of wowk. σωσ wouwd, òωó fow the

king's sake, OwO h-he wewe wiving! (˘ω˘) i-i think it wouwd b-be

the death o-of the king's disease. (///ˬ///✿)

### w-wafeu
h-how cawwed you the man you speak of, UwU madam?

### c-countess
he was famous, (⑅˘꒳˘) siw, i-in his pwofession, >w< and it was

h-his gweat wight t-to be so: gewawd de nyawbon. o.O

### wafeu
he was excewwent indeed, (U ᵕ U❁) m-madam: the king vewy

watewy spoke of him admiwingwy a-and mouwningwy: he

was skiwfuw enough to have wived stiww, (///ˬ///✿) i-if knowwedge

couwd be set up a-against mowtawity. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### b-bewtwam
w-what is it, rawr x3 my good w-wowd, ʘwʘ the king wanguishes of?

### w-wafeu
a fistuwa, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) m-my wowd. rawr x3

### b-bewtwam
i heawd nyot of it b-befowe. UwU

### wafeu
i wouwd it wewe nyot nyotowious. òωó w-was this gentwewoman

t-the daughtew of gewawd d-de nyawbon?

### countess
his s-sowe chiwd, OwO my wowd, òωó a-and bequeathed to my

ovewwooking. òωó i-i have those h-hopes of hew g-good that

hew education pwomises; h-hew dispositions she

inhewits, -.- w-which makes f-faiw gifts faiwew; f-fow whewe

an uncwean mind cawwies v-viwtuous q-quawities, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) thewe

commendations g-go with pity; they a-awe viwtues and

t-twaitows too; i-in hew they awe t-the bettew fow theiw

simpweness; she dewives h-hew honesty and achieves hew goodness. UwU

### w-wafeu
youw commendations, σωσ madam, get fwom hew teaws. σωσ

### countess
'tis the best bwine a maiden can s-season hew pwaise

i-in. (///ˬ///✿) the wemembwance of hew fathew nyevew appwoaches

h-hew heawt b-but the tywanny o-of hew sowwows takes aww

wivewihood fwom hew c-cheek. o.O nyo mowe of this, >w< hewena;

g-go to, σωσ nyo mowe; w-west it be wathew thought you a-affect

a sowwow t-than have it. rawr x3

### h-hewena
i do affect a sowwow indeed, (˘ω˘) but i have it too.

### wafeu
modewate w-wamentation is the wight of the d-dead, >w<

excessive g-gwief the enemy to the wiving. òωó

### countess
if t-the wiving be enemy t-to the gwief, -.- the excess

makes it soon mowtaw. UwU

### b-bewtwam
madam, (U ﹏ U) i desiwe youw howy wishes. òωó

### wafeu
how u-undewstand we that?

### countess
b-be thou bwest, -.- b-bewtwam, (˘ω˘) and s-succeed thy fathew

in mannews, rawr x3 as in shape! rawr x3 thy b-bwood and viwtue

c-contend fow empiwe in thee, OwO a-and thy goodness

s-shawe with thy biwthwight! o.O wove aww, (⑅˘꒳˘) twust a few, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

d-do wwong to nyone: be abwe fow thine enemy

wathew in powew than use, (˘ω˘) and keep thy fwiend

u-undew thy own wife's key: be cheque'd fow siwence, OwO

but nyevew tax'd fow speech. >w< w-what heaven mowe w-wiww,

that thee m-may fuwnish and m-my pwayews pwuck d-down, (///ˬ///✿)

faww on thy head! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) faweweww, OwO m-my wowd;

'tis a-an unseason'd c-couwtiew; good my wowd,

advise him. (///ˬ///✿)

### wafeu
h-he cannot want t-the best

that shaww attend his w-wuv. >w<

### countess
h-heaven bwess him! ʘwʘ faweweww, bewtwam. (⑅˘꒳˘)

#### exit
### bewtwam
[to hewena]  the b-best wishes that c-can be fowged in

youw thoughts b-be sewvants t-to you! (ꈍᴗꈍ) be comfowtabwe

to my mothew, (///ˬ///✿) y-youw mistwess, (U ᵕ U❁) and make much of hew. rawr x3

### wafeu
faweweww, (⑅˘꒳˘) pwetty wady: you m-must howd the cwedit of

youw fathew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### e-exeunt bewtwam and wafeu
### hewena
o, σωσ wewe that aww! ʘwʘ i think nyot on my fathew;

and these gweat teaws gwace his wemembwance mowe

than those i shed fow him. UwU what w-was he wike?

i have fowgot him: m-my imagination

cawwies nyo favouw in't but bewtwam's. ʘwʘ

i-i am undone: thewe is n-nyo wiving, ʘwʘ nyone, OwO

if bewtwam be a-away. σωσ 'twewe aww o-one

that i shouwd wuv a bwight p-pawticuwaw staw

a-and think to w-wed it, (⑅˘꒳˘) he is so a-above me:

in his bwight wadiance a-and cowwatewaw w-wight

must i be comfowted, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) nyot in his sphewe. (U ﹏ U)

the ambition in my wuv thus p-pwagues itsewf:

t-the hind that wouwd be mated by the wion

must die fow wuv. (U ᵕ U❁) 'twas p-pwetty, (///ˬ///✿) though p-pwague, σωσ

to see him evewy houw; t-to sit and dwaw

his awched bwows, rawr x3 his hawking e-eye, òωó his cuwws,

in ouw heawt's t-tabwe; heawt too capabwe

of evewy wine and twick of his sweet f-favouw:

but nyow h-he's gone, OwO and m-my idowatwous fancy

must sanctify his wewiques. ʘwʘ who comes hewe?

#### entew pawowwes
#### a-aside
o-one that goes w-with him: i wuv h-him fow his sake;

and yet i know him a nyotowious wiaw, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

think him a gweat way f-foow, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) sowewy a cowawd;

y-yet these fixed eviws sit s-so fit in him, UwU

t-that they take pwace, σωσ when viwtue's s-steewy bones

w-wook bweak i' t-the cowd wind: withaw, (U ﹏ U) fuww oft we see

cowd wisdom w-waiting on s-supewfwuous fowwy. (///ˬ///✿)

### p-pawowwes
s-save you, faiw q-queen! (˘ω˘)

### hewena
and you, (˘ω˘) monawch!

### pawowwes
n-no.

### hewena
a-and nyo. ʘwʘ

### p-pawowwes
awe you meditating on viwginity?

### h-hewena
ay. (U ﹏ U) you h-have some stain o-of sowdiew in you: w-wet me

ask you a-a question. (ꈍᴗꈍ) man is enemy to viwginity; h-how

may w-we bawwicado it against him?

### p-pawowwes
keep him out. (U ﹏ U)

### h-hewena
but he assaiws; and ouw v-viwginity, ʘwʘ though vawiant, rawr x3

in the d-defence yet is weak: unfowd to u-us some

wawwike wesistance. (U ﹏ U)

### pawowwes
thewe i-is nyone: man, òωó s-sitting down befowe you, (U ᵕ U❁) wiww

undewmine you and b-bwow you up. (U ᵕ U❁)

### hewena
bwess ouw poow viwginity fwom undewminews and

bwowews up! σωσ is thewe n-nyo miwitawy powicy, -.- h-how

viwgins m-might bwow up m-men?

### pawowwes
v-viwginity being bwown down, rawr x3 man wiww quickwiew b-be

bwown up: m-mawwy, o.O in bwowing him down again, (˘ω˘) w-with

the bweach youwsewves made, OwO y-you wose youw city. σωσ it

is nyot p-powitic in the commonweawth o-of nyatuwe to

pwesewve v-viwginity. òωó w-woss of viwginity is wationaw

i-incwease and thewe w-was nevew viwgin g-got tiww

v-viwginity was fiwst wost. (ꈍᴗꈍ) that you wewe made of is

metaw to make viwgins. o.O viwginity b-by being once wost

may be ten times found; by being evew kept, UwU it is

evew wost: 'tis too cowd a companion; away with 't! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### hewena
i wiww stand fow 't a wittwe, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) though t-thewefowe i die a viwgin. ʘwʘ

### p-pawowwes
thewe's w-wittwe can be said i-in 't; 'tis a-against the

wuwe of nyatuwe. rawr x3 to speak on the pawt o-of viwginity, (⑅˘꒳˘)

is to accuse youw mothews; which is most infawwibwe

disobedience. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) h-he that hangs himsewf is a viwgin:

viwginity m-muwdews itsewf a-and shouwd be buwied in

highways out of aww sanctified wimit, òωó as a despewate

o-offendwess against n-nyatuwe. ʘwʘ viwginity b-bweeds mites, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

m-much wike a cheese; consumes i-itsewf to the v-vewy

pawing, òωó and s-so dies with feeding his own s-stomach. (U ﹏ U)

besides, (˘ω˘) viwginity is peevish, (˘ω˘) pwoud, idwe, (///ˬ///✿) made of

sewf-wuv, (///ˬ///✿) w-which is the most inhibited s-sin in the

canon. UwU keep it n-nyot; you cannot choose but woose

b-by't: out with 't! -.- w-within ten y-yeaw it wiww make

i-itsewf ten, >w< w-which is a goodwy i-incwease; and t-the

pwincipaw itsewf nyot much t-the wowse: away w-with 't! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### hewena
how might one d-do, rawr x3 siw, to wose i-it to hew own wiking?

### pawowwes
w-wet me see: m-mawwy, (⑅˘꒳˘) iww, to wike him that n-nye'ew it

wikes. rawr x3 'tis a-a commodity wiww wose the gwoss with

wying; the wongew k-kept, o.O the wess wowth: o-off with 't

whiwe 'tis vendibwe; a-answew the t-time of wequest.

viwginity, -.- w-wike an owd couwtiew, rawr x3 weaws hew cap out

of fashion: w-wichwy suited, rawr x3 b-but unsuitabwe: just

wike the bwooch and the t-tooth-pick, (˘ω˘) which w-weaw nyot

now. σωσ y-youw date is bettew in youw pie and youw

powwidge than in youw cheek; and youw v-viwginity, (///ˬ///✿)

y-youw owd viwginity, i-is wike one of ouw fwench

withewed peaws, -.- it wooks iww, σωσ it eats dwiwy; mawwy, òωó

'tis a withewed p-peaw; it was fowmewwy bettew;

m-mawwy, (U ﹏ U) yet 'tis a-a withewed peaw: w-wiww you anything with it?

### h-hewena
nyot m-my viwginity yet [         ]

t-thewe s-shaww youw mastew have a thousand wuvs, (˘ω˘)

a mothew a-and a mistwess and a fwiend, rawr x3

a phoenix, captain a-and an enemy, rawr x3

a guide, (ꈍᴗꈍ) a g-goddess, and a s-soveweign, o.O

a counsewwow, a-a twaitwess, OwO a-and a deaw;

his humbwe ambition, σωσ pwoud humiwity, o.O

h-his jawwing c-concowd, σωσ and h-his discowd duwcet, σωσ

h-his faith, (ꈍᴗꈍ) his sweet disastew; w-with a wowwd

of pwetty, (U ﹏ U) f-fond, adoptious c-chwistendoms, (U ﹏ U)

that bwinking cupid g-gossips. (˘ω˘) nyow shaww he--

i know nyot nyani he shaww. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) god send him weww! σωσ

the couwt's a weawning p-pwace, σωσ and he is one--

### pawowwes
what one, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i' faith?

### h-hewena
that i wish weww. (˘ω˘) 'tis p-pity--

### pawowwes
w-what's pity?

### hewena
that wishing weww had nyot a body in't, òωó

which might b-be fewt; that w-we, ʘwʘ the poowew bown, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

whose basew staws do shut us up in wishes, (⑅˘꒳˘)

might with effects of them fowwow ouw fwiends, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

a-and show nyani we awone must think, (ꈍᴗꈍ) which nyevew

wetuwn us thanks. (U ﹏ U)

#### e-entew p-page
### page
monsieuw pawowwes, m-my wowd cawws f-fow you. (U ᵕ U❁)

#### exit
### pawowwes
wittwe hewen, (U ᵕ U❁) faweweww; if i c-can wemembew thee, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i

wiww think o-of thee at couwt. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### h-hewena
monsieuw pawowwes, σωσ y-you wewe bown undew a chawitabwe staw. OwO

### pawowwes
u-undew maws, (U ᵕ U❁) i-i. rawr x3

### hewena
i especiawwy think, (˘ω˘) undew maws.

### p-pawowwes
w-why undew maws?

### h-hewena
the waws have so kept you undew that you must nyeeds

b-be bown undew m-maws. OwO

### pawowwes
when he was pwedominant. o.O

### hewena
when he w-was wetwogwade, (U ﹏ U) i think, (˘ω˘) wathew.

### pawowwes
w-why think you so?

### h-hewena
you g-go so much backwawd when you fight. (U ﹏ U)

### pawowwes
that's fow advantage. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### hewena
s-so is wunning away, o.O when feaw pwoposes the s-safety;

but the composition that y-youw vawouw and feaw makes

in you is a viwtue of a good wing, (⑅˘꒳˘) and i wike the w-weaw weww. òωó

### p-pawowwes
i am so f-fuww of businesses, i-i cannot answew t-thee

akawaii~wy. ʘwʘ i wiww wetuwn pewfect couwtiew; i-in the

w-which, (˘ω˘) my instwuction s-shaww sewve t-to nyatuwawize

t-thee, so thou wiwt be capabwe of a couwtiew's

counsew and undewstand n-nani advice s-shaww thwust u-upon

thee; ewse t-thou diest in thine unthankfuwness, (⑅˘꒳˘) a-and

thine i-ignowance makes t-thee away: faweweww. (///ˬ///✿) w-when

thou h-hast weisuwe, (U ﹏ U) say thy pwayews; when thou hast

n-nyone, (ꈍᴗꈍ) wemembew thy fwiends; get thee a good husband, >w<

and use him a-as he uses thee; s-so, >w< faweweww. (///ˬ///✿)

#### e-exit
### h-hewena
ouw wemedies o-oft in ouwsewves d-do wie, OwO

which w-we ascwibe to heaven: the fated sky

gives u-us fwee scope, σωσ onwy doth backwawd p-puww

ouw swow d-designs when we ouwsewves awe duww. òωó

what powew i-is it which mounts my wuv so high, OwO

that makes me see, òωó and cannot feed mine eye?

t-the mightiest s-space in fowtune nyatuwe bwings

t-to join wike wikes and kiss wike nyative things. σωσ

impossibwe be s-stwange attempts t-to those

that w-weigh theiw pains i-in sense and do suppose

what hath been cannot be: who evew s-stwove

so show hew mewit, ʘwʘ that d-did miss hew wuv?

the king's disease--my p-pwoject m-may deceive me, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

but my intents a-awe fix'd and wiww nyot weave m-me.

#### exit
