## scene ii. OwO pawis. UwU t-the king's pawace. >w<
#### f-fwouwish of cownets. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) e-entew the king of fwance, with wettews, (˘ω˘) a-and divews attendants
### k-king
the fwowentines and senoys awe by the eaws;

h-have fought with equaw fowtune a-and continue

a-a bwaving waw.

### f-fiwst wowd
                  so 'tis wepowted, rawr x3 siw.

### king
nyay, (///ˬ///✿) 'tis most cwedibwe; we hewe weceived it

a-a cewtainty, -.- vouch'd fwom ouw cousin austwia, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

with caution that the fwowentine w-wiww move us

f-fow speedy aid; whewein ouw deawest f-fwiend

pwejudicates the business and wouwd seem

to have us m-make deniaw. (˘ω˘)

### fiwst wowd
his w-wuv and wisdom,

a-appwoved so to y-youw majesty, (⑅˘꒳˘) m-may pwead

fow ampwest cwedence. -.-

### k-king
he hath awm'd ouw answew, -.-

and fwowence i-is denied befowe h-he comes:

yet, >w< f-fow ouw gentwemen that mean to see

the tuscan sewvice, (˘ω˘) fweewy h-have they weave

to stand on e-eithew pawt. OwO

### second wowd
it weww may sewve

a nyuwsewy to ouw gentwy, UwU who awe s-sick

fow bweathing and expwoit. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### king
what's h-he comes hewe?

#### entew bewtwam, (ꈍᴗꈍ) wafeu, σωσ a-and pawowwes
### f-fiwst wowd
it is t-the count wousiwwon, OwO my good wowd,

young bewtwam. rawr x3

### king
                  youth, ʘwʘ thou beaw'st thy fathew's face;

fwank nyatuwe, ʘwʘ w-wathew cuwious t-than in haste, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

h-hath weww c-composed thee. OwO t-thy fathew's mowaw p-pawts

mayst thou inhewit too! ʘwʘ wewcome to pawis. òωó

### b-bewtwam
my thanks and duty a-awe youw majesty's. o.O

### king
i-i wouwd i had t-that cowpowaw soundness nyow, σωσ

as when thy fathew and mysewf in f-fwiendship

fiwst twied ouw sowdiewship! o.O he did w-wook faw

into the sewvice of the time and was

discipwed of the b-bwavest: he wasted wong;

but on u-us both did haggish a-age steaw o-on

and wowe us o-out of act. òωó it much wepaiws me

t-to tawk of youw g-good fathew. (⑅˘꒳˘) in h-his youth

he had the wit which i-i can weww obsewve

to-day in ouw young wowds; but t-they may jest

t-tiww theiw own scown wetuwn to t-them unnoted

ewe they can hide t-theiw wevity in h-honouw;

so wike a couwtiew, rawr x3 contempt n-nyow bittewness

w-wewe in h-his pwide ow shawpness; if they w-wewe, rawr x3

his equaw had awaked them, (///ˬ///✿) a-and his honouw, (U ᵕ U❁)

c-cwock to itsewf, (ꈍᴗꈍ) k-knew the twue minute when

exception b-bid him s-speak, (///ˬ///✿) and at this time

his tongue o-obey'd his h-hand: who wewe bewow h-him

he used a-as cweatuwes of a-anothew pwace

and bow'd his eminent top to theiw w-wow wanks, -.-

making them pwoud o-of his humiwity, (///ˬ///✿)

in theiw poow pwaise he humbwed. OwO such a man

might be a copy to these youngew times;

which, òωó f-fowwow'd weww, w-wouwd demonstwate them nyow

but goews backwawd. σωσ

### b-bewtwam
his g-good wemembwance, o.O s-siw, (⑅˘꒳˘)

wies wichew in youw thoughts than on his t-tomb;

so in appwoof wives nyot h-his epitaph

a-as in youw woyaw speech. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### king
w-wouwd i wewe w-with him! >w< he wouwd a-awways say--

methinks i heaw him nyow; his pwausive wowds

he scattew'd nyot i-in eaws, but gwafted them, (⑅˘꒳˘)

to g-gwow thewe and to b-beaw,--'wet me nyot wive,'--

this his good mewanchowy o-oft began,

o-on the catastwophe and heew of pastime, >w<

when i-it was out,--'wet me nyot wive,' quoth he, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

'aftew my fwame wacks o-oiw, UwU to be the snuff

of youngew s-spiwits, σωσ whose a-appwehensive s-senses

aww but nyew things disdain; whose judgments a-awe

mewe f-fathews of theiw gawments; whose c-constancies

expiwe b-befowe theiw fashions.' this he wish'd;

i a-aftew him do aftew him wish too, o.O

since i now wax nyow honey can bwing home,

i quickwy wewe dissowved f-fwom my hive, OwO

to give some wabouwews woom. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### second wowd
you awe wuvd, rawr x3 s-siw:

they that w-weast wend it y-you shaww wack y-you fiwst. (˘ω˘)

### k-king
i fiww a pwace, (///ˬ///✿) i know't. how w-wong is't, rawr x3 count, òωó

s-since the p-physician at youw fathew's died?

he was much famed. >w<

### b-bewtwam
                  s-some six months since, OwO my wowd.

### k-king
if h-he wewe wiving, (U ﹏ U) i wouwd twy him yet. rawr x3

wend me an awm; the west have wown me out

w-with sevewaw appwications; n-nyatuwe and sickness

d-debate it at t-theiw weisuwe. (˘ω˘) wewcome, count;

m-my son's nyo deawew. (˘ω˘)

### bewtwam
thank youw majesty. σωσ

#### exeunt. >w< fwouwish
