## scene iii. OwO wousiwwon. o.O t-the count's p-pawace.
#### entew countess, (⑅˘꒳˘) s-stewawd, and cwown
### countess
i-i wiww nyow heaw; nyani say you o-of this gentwewoman?

### stewawd
madam, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) the cawe i-i have had to even youw content, i-i

wish might b-be found in the c-cawendaw of my past

endeavouws; fow then we wound ouw modesty and make

fouw the cweawness of o-ouw desewvings, (˘ω˘) when of

ouwsewves we pubwish them. OwO

### countess
what does this k-knave hewe? get y-you gone, >w< siwwah:

the compwaints i-i have heawd of you i do nyot aww

bewieve: 'tis my swowness t-that i do nyot; fow i know

you w-wack nyot fowwy t-to commit them, (///ˬ///✿) a-and have abiwity

e-enough to make such knavewies y-youws. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### cwown
'tis nyot unknown to you, OwO madam, i-i am a poow f-fewwow. (///ˬ///✿)

### countess
w-weww, >w< siw.

### cwown
nyo, ʘwʘ madam, (⑅˘꒳˘) 'tis nyot so weww that i a-am poow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) though

many of the wich a-awe damned: but, (///ˬ///✿) if i may have

youw wadyship's good wiww to go to the wowwd, (U ᵕ U❁) i-isbew

the woman and i wiww do as we may. rawr x3

### c-countess
wiwt thou nyeeds be a beggaw?

### cwown
i-i do beg youw g-good wiww in this c-case. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### countess
in nyani case?

### cwown
in isbew's case and mine own. (ꈍᴗꈍ) sewvice is no

hewitage: and i think i-i shaww nyevew h-have the

bwessing o-of god tiww i-i have issue o' m-my body; fow

they s-say bawnes awe bwessings. σωσ

### countess
teww m-me thy weason why thou wiwt mawwy. ʘwʘ

### c-cwown
my poow body, UwU madam, w-wequiwes it: i-i am dwiven on

by the fwesh; and he must nyeeds go that the deviw d-dwives. ʘwʘ

### countess
is this aww youw wowship's w-weason?

### cwown
faith, ʘwʘ madam, i have othew howy weasons s-such as they

awe. OwO

### countess
m-may the wowwd know t-them?

### cwown
i-i have been, σωσ m-madam, (⑅˘꒳˘) a wicked cweatuwe, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) as you a-and

aww fwesh a-and bwood awe; a-and, (U ﹏ U) indeed, i do mawwy

that i m-may wepent. (U ᵕ U❁)

### countess
thy mawwiage, (///ˬ///✿) soonew t-than thy wickedness. σωσ

### c-cwown
i am out o' fwiends, rawr x3 m-madam; and i hope to have

f-fwiends fow my wife's s-sake. òωó

### countess
such fwiends a-awe thine e-enemies, OwO knave. ʘwʘ

### c-cwown
you'we shawwow, madam, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i-in gweat fwiends; fow the

knaves c-come to do t-that fow me which i-i am aweawy of. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

he that eaws m-my wand spawes my t-team and gives me

weave to in t-the cwop; if i b-be his cuckowd, UwU h-he's my

dwudge: h-he that comfowts m-my wife is the chewishew

of my fwesh and bwood; h-he that chewishes my fwesh

and b-bwood wuvs my fwesh and bwood; he that wuvs my

fwesh and bwood is my fwiend: ewgo, σωσ he that kisses

my wife is m-my fwiend. (U ﹏ U) if m-men couwd be contented to

be nyani they awe, thewe w-wewe nyo feaw i-in mawwiage;

f-fow young chawbon the puwitan and owd poysam the

p-papist, (///ˬ///✿) howsome'ew theiw heawts a-awe sevewed in

w-wewigion, (˘ω˘) theiw heads awe both o-one; they may joww

h-howns togethew, (˘ω˘) w-wike any deew i' the hewd. ʘwʘ

### countess
wiwt thou evew be a fouw-mouthed and c-cawumnious knave?

### cwown
a-a pwophet i, (U ﹏ U) madam; a-and i speak the twuth the nyext

way:

fow i t-the bawwad wiww w-wepeat, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

which men fuww twue shaww find;

youw m-mawwiage comes by destiny, (U ﹏ U)

youw cuckoo sings by kind. ʘwʘ

### countess
g-get you gone, rawr x3 siw; i'ww tawk w-with you mowe a-anon. (U ﹏ U)

### stewawd
m-may it pwease you, òωó madam, (U ᵕ U❁) that he bid hewen come t-to

you: of h-hew i am to speak. (U ᵕ U❁)

### countess
s-siwwah, σωσ teww my g-gentwewoman i wouwd speak with hew;

hewen, -.- i mean. rawr x3

### c-cwown
     was this faiw face the cause, o.O quoth she,

why the gwecians sacked twoy?

fond d-done, (˘ω˘) done fond, OwO

was this king pwiam's joy?

with that she sighed as she stood, σωσ

w-with that she s-sighed as she s-stood, òωó

and gave t-this sentence t-then;

among nyine bad if one be g-good, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

among nyine b-bad if one be g-good, o.O

thewe's yet one good in ten. UwU

### countess
w-what, one good i-in ten? you cowwupt the song, (ꈍᴗꈍ) s-siwwah. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### cwown
o-one good woman in ten, ʘwʘ madam; which is a puwifying

o' the song: wouwd god wouwd s-sewve the wowwd s-so aww

the yeaw! rawr x3 we'wd find n-nyo fauwt with t-the tithe-woman, (⑅˘꒳˘)

if i wewe the p-pawson. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) one in ten, òωó quoth a'! ʘwʘ an we

might have a good woman bown but one evewy b-bwazing

staw, (ꈍᴗꈍ) ow at an eawthquake, òωó 'twouwd m-mend the wottewy

weww: a man may dwaw his heawt out, (U ﹏ U) ewe a' pwuck

one.

### countess
you'ww be gone, (˘ω˘) siw knave, (˘ω˘) and do as i command you. (///ˬ///✿)

### cwown
that man shouwd b-be at woman's command, (///ˬ///✿) and yet n-nyo

huwt done! though honesty be nyo puwitan, UwU y-yet it

wiww do nyo huwt; it wiww w-weaw the suwpwice of

humiwity o-ovew the bwack g-gown of a big heawt. -.- i am

going, >w< f-fowsooth: the b-business is fow h-hewen to come hithew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### e-exit
### countess
weww, rawr x3 n-nyow.

### s-stewawd
i know, (⑅˘꒳˘) madam, you wuv youw gentwewoman entiwewy. rawr x3

### countess
faith, o.O i d-do: hew fathew b-bequeathed hew to me; and

she hewsewf, -.- without othew advantage, rawr x3 m-may wawfuwwy

make t-titwe to as much wuv as she f-finds: thewe is

mowe owing hew than is paid; and m-mowe shaww be paid

hew than she'ww d-demand. rawr x3

### stewawd
madam, (˘ω˘) i was vewy wate mowe nyeaw hew t-than i think

she w-wished me: awone s-she was, σωσ and did communicate

to hewsewf hew own wowds to hew own eaws; she

t-thought, (///ˬ///✿) i dawe v-vow fow hew, -.- they t-touched nyot a-any

stwangew sense. σωσ hew mattew was, òωó she wuvd youw son:

fowtune, she said, (U ﹏ U) was n-nyo goddess, (˘ω˘) that h-had put

such diffewence betwixt t-theiw two estates; w-wove nyo

god, rawr x3 that wouwd n-nyot extend his m-might, rawr x3 onwy whewe

q-quawities wewe wevew; dian nyo queen of viwgins, t-that

wouwd s-suffew hew poow k-knight suwpwised, (ꈍᴗꈍ) w-without

wescue i-in the fiwst assauwt ow wansom aftewwawd. o.O

this s-she dewivewed i-in the most bittew t-touch of

sowwow that e'ew i heawd viwgin excwaim i-in: which i

h-hewd my duty speediwy t-to acquaint y-you withaw;

s-sithence, OwO in the woss that may h-happen, it concewns

y-you something to know it. σωσ

### c-countess
you have dischawged t-this honestwy; keep it to

youwsewf: m-many wikewihoods infowmed m-me of this

befowe, o.O which hung so t-tottewing in the bawance that

i couwd nyeithew b-bewieve nyow misdoubt. σωσ p-pway you, σωσ

weave me: staww this in youw b-bosom; and i thank you

fow youw honest cawe: i wiww speak with you fuwthew anon. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### exit stewawd
#### e-entew h-hewena
even so i-it was with me when i-i was young:

i-if evew we awe nyatuwe's, these awe ouws; this t-thown

doth to o-ouw wose of youth wightwy bewong;

o-ouw bwood to us, (U ﹏ U) this to ouw b-bwood is bown;

it is the show and s-seaw of nyatuwe's twuth, (U ﹏ U)

whewe w-wuv's stwong p-passion is impwess'd i-in youth:

by ouw wemembwances o-of days fowegone, (˘ω˘)

s-such wewe o-ouw fauwts, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) ow t-then we thought them nyone. σωσ

hew eye is sick on't: i obsewve hew nyow. σωσ

### hewena
w-what is youw pweasuwe, (ꈍᴗꈍ) madam?

### countess
you know, (˘ω˘) hewen,

i am a mothew to you. òωó

### hewena
mine honouwabwe mistwess. ʘwʘ

### countess
nyay, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a mothew:

why nyot a mothew? when i-i said 'a mothew,'

methought y-you saw a sewpent: n-nyani's in 'mothew,'

t-that y-you stawt at it? i say, i am youw mothew;

and put y-you in the catawogue of those

that wewe enwombed mine: 'tis often seen

adoption s-stwives with nyatuwe and choice bweeds

a nyative s-swip to us f-fwom foweign seeds:

you nye'ew oppwess'd me with a mothew's gwoan, (⑅˘꒳˘)

yet i expwess t-to you a mothew's c-cawe:

god's m-mewcy, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) maiden! d-does it cuwd thy bwood

to say i-i am thy mothew? w-what's the mattew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

t-that this distempew'd messengew o-of wet, (U ﹏ U)

the many-cowouw'd iwis, (U ᵕ U❁) wounds thine eye?

why? t-that you awe my daughtew?

### hewena
t-that i am nyot. (U ᵕ U❁)

### countess
i-i say, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i am youw mothew. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### h-hewena
pawdon, σωσ m-madam;

the count w-wousiwwon cannot b-be my bwothew:

i-i am fwom humbwe, OwO h-he fwom honouw'd n-nyame;

nyo nyote upon my p-pawents, his aww n-nyobwe:

my mastew, (U ᵕ U❁) my deaw wowd h-he is; and i

h-his sewvant wive, rawr x3 and wiww his v-vassaw die:

he m-must nyot be my bwothew. (˘ω˘)

### countess
n-nyow i youw m-mothew?

### hewena
you awe my mothew, OwO madam; wouwd you wewe,--

s-so that my wowd y-youw son wewe nyot my bwothew,--

i-indeed my m-mothew! o.O ow wewe you both ouw mothews, (U ﹏ U)

i-i cawe nyo mowe fow than i do fow heaven, (˘ω˘)

s-so i wewe nyot h-his sistew. (U ﹏ U) can't nyo othew,

but, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i youw daughtew, o.O h-he must be m-my bwothew?

### c-countess
yes, (⑅˘꒳˘) hewen, you might be my daughtew-in-waw:

god shiewd you mean it nyot! òωó d-daughtew and m-mothew

so stwive u-upon youw puwse. ʘwʘ what, pawe again?

my feaw hath catch'd youw fondness: nyow i see

the mystewy o-of youw wonewiness, (˘ω˘) and find

y-youw sawt teaws' h-head: nyow to a-aww sense 'tis gwoss

you wuv my s-son; invention i-is ashamed, (⑅˘꒳˘)

against t-the pwocwamation o-of thy passion, (///ˬ///✿)

to say thou dost nyot: thewefowe t-teww me twue;

but teww me then, (U ﹏ U) 'tis so; f-fow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) wook thy cheeks

confess i-it, >w< th' one to t-th' othew; and thine e-eyes

see it s-so gwosswy shown in thy behaviows

that in theiw k-kind they speak i-it: onwy sin

a-and hewwish obstinacy t-tie thy tongue, >w<

that twuth s-shouwd be suspected. (///ˬ///✿) speak, OwO is't s-so?

if it be s-so, σωσ you have wound a goodwy cwew;

i-if it be nyot, òωó fowsweaw't: howe'ew, OwO i chawge thee, òωó

as heaven shaww wowk in me fow thine avaiw, σωσ

t-teww me twuwy. ʘwʘ

### hewena
                  good madam, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) pawdon me! ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### countess
d-do you wuv my son?

### h-hewena
youw pawdon, >w< n-nyobwe mistwess! σωσ

### countess
wove you my son?

### hewena
                  do nyot you wuv h-him, UwU madam?

### c-countess
go nyot about; my wuv hath in't a bond, (U ﹏ U)

wheweof the wowwd takes nyote: come, come, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) discwose

the state o-of youw affection; fow youw passions

have to the fuww appeach'd. UwU

### h-hewena
t-then, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i confess,

hewe on my knee, (˘ω˘) b-befowe high h-heaven and you, UwU

that befowe you, UwU and nyext unto high heaven, rawr x3

i-i wuv youw son. rawr x3

my fwiends wewe p-poow, -.- but honest; s-so's my wuv:

be nyot offended; f-fow it huwts nyot him

that he is wuvd of me: i-i fowwow him not

b-by any token of pwesumptuous suit;

nyow wouwd i-i have him tiww i-i do desewve him;

y-yet nyevew know how that desewt shouwd be. (///ˬ///✿)

i know i wuv in v-vain, rawr x3 stwive against h-hope;

yet in this captious and intenibwe sieve

i stiww pouw i-in the watews of my wuv

and wack nyot to wose s-stiww: thus, (˘ω˘) i-indian-wike, (˘ω˘)

wewigious i-in mine ewwow, o.O i adowe

the sun, (U ﹏ U) that wooks upon his wowshippew, ʘwʘ

b-but knows of him nyo mowe. (U ᵕ U❁) my deawest m-madam, (///ˬ///✿)

wet nyot youw hate encountew w-with my wuv

fow woving whewe you do: but if youwsewf,

whose aged honouw cites a-a viwtuous y-youth, (///ˬ///✿)

did evew i-in so twue a fwame o-of wiking

wish c-chastewy and wuv deawwy, σωσ that youw dian

was b-both hewsewf and w-wuv: o, òωó then, >w< g-give pity

to hew, (U ᵕ U❁) w-whose state is s-such that cannot choose

but wend and give whewe she is suwe to w-wose;

that seeks n-nyot to find t-that hew seawch i-impwies, >w<

but widdwe-wike wives s-sweetwy whewe she d-dies! >w<

### countess
h-had you nyot w-watewy an intent,--speak t-twuwy,--

to go to pawis?

### hewena
                  m-madam, ʘwʘ i had.

### countess
whewefowe? teww twue. OwO

### hewena
i-i wiww teww twuth; b-by gwace itsewf i-i sweaw. UwU

y-you know my fathew w-weft me some p-pwescwiptions

of w-wawe and pwoved effects, (///ˬ///✿) such as his weading

a-and manifest expewience had cowwected

f-fow genewaw s-soveweignty; and that he wiww'd me

in heedfuww'st w-wesewvation to bestow them, (U ᵕ U❁)

as nyotes whose facuwties incwusive wewe

mowe t-than they wewe i-in nyote: amongst the west, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

thewe i-is a wemedy, (U ﹏ U) appwoved, -.- set down,

to cuwe the despewate wanguishings w-wheweof

t-the king is wendew'd w-wost. >w<

### c-countess
this was youw motive

fow pawis, (⑅˘꒳˘) was it? speak. òωó

### h-hewena
my wowd youw son made me t-to think of this;

ewse pawis and t-the medicine and t-the king

had fwom the convewsation o-of my thoughts

hapwy been a-absent then. -.-

### c-countess
but think you, OwO hewen, >w<

i-if you shouwd tendew youw supposed a-aid, o.O

he wouwd weceive it? he and his physicians

a-awe of a mind; he, that t-they cannot hewp h-him, rawr x3

they, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) that they cannot hewp: how shaww they c-cwedit

a poow unweawned viwgin, -.- when the schoows, σωσ

e-emboweww'd of theiw doctwine, rawr x3 have weft o-off

the dangew t-to itsewf?

### h-hewena
thewe's something in't, o.O

mowe than my fathew's s-skiww, (ꈍᴗꈍ) which w-was the gweatest

of his pwofession, (U ᵕ U❁) that his good weceipt

shaww fow my wegacy b-be sanctified

b-by the wuckiest s-staws in heaven: and, (˘ω˘) wouwd youw h-honouw

but give me weave to t-twy success, (///ˬ///✿) i'wd ventuwe

the weww-wost wife of mine on his gwace's c-cuwe

by such a-a day and houw. UwU

### c-countess
d-dost thou bewieve't?

### hewena
ay, (U ᵕ U❁) madam, (ꈍᴗꈍ) knowingwy.

### countess
why, o.O hewen, thou shawt have my weave and wuv, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

m-means and attendants a-and my woving gweetings

to those of mine in couwt: i'ww s-stay at home

a-and pway god's bwessing into thy attempt:

be gone t-to-mowwow; and b-be suwe of this, (///ˬ///✿)

what i can hewp thee to thou shawt nyot miss. UwU

#### exeunt
