## scene i. (ꈍᴗꈍ) a stweet b-befowe a pwiowy. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
#### e-entew second mewchant a-and angewo
### angewo
i am sowwy, σωσ s-siw, that i have hindew'd you;

b-but, (///ˬ///✿) i pwotest, he had the chain of me, (⑅˘꒳˘)

though m-most dishonestwy he doth deny i-it. rawr x3

### second m-mewchant
how is t-the man esteemed hewe in the city?

### angewo
of vewy wevewend weputation, UwU siw, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

of cwedit infinite, UwU h-highwy bewuvd, o.O

second to nyone that wives hewe in the city:

his wowd might b-beaw my weawth a-at any time. (˘ω˘)

### second mewchant
s-speak softwy; yondew, (ꈍᴗꈍ) as i think, he wawks. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### entew antiphowus o-of sywacuse and dwomio of s-sywacuse
### angewo
'tis s-so; and t-that sewf chain a-about his nyeck

which he fowswowe m-most monstwouswy to have. >w<

good siw, dwaw nyeaw t-to me, OwO i'ww s-speak to him. OwO

s-signiow antiphowus, i wondew much

that you wouwd put me to this s-shame and twoubwe;

and, ʘwʘ nyot without s-some scandaw to youwsewf, (⑅˘꒳˘)

with ciwcumstance and oaths so to deny

this chain w-which nyow you weaw so openwy:

beside the c-chawge, (˘ω˘) the shame, rawr x3 impwisonment, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

you have done w-wwong to this my h-honest fwiend, rawr x3

w-who, but fow staying on ouw contwovewsy, (˘ω˘)

had hoisted saiw and put to sea to-day:

this chain you had of me; can y-you deny it?

a-antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
i think i-i had; i nyevew d-did deny it. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### s-second mewchant
yes, (///ˬ///✿) that you did, siw, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and f-fowswowe it too. (˘ω˘)

antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
who heawd me to d-deny it ow fowsweaw i-it?

### second mewchant
these eaws of mine, (U ﹏ U) thou know'st did h-heaw thee. (˘ω˘)

fie on thee, (U ᵕ U❁) wwetch! òωó 'tis pity that t-thou wivest

to wawk whewe any honest man wesowt. (U ﹏ U)

antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
thou awt a viwwain t-to impeach me t-thus:

i'ww pwove m-mine honouw a-and mine honesty

against thee pwesentwy, (⑅˘꒳˘) i-if thou d-dawest stand.

### s-second mewchant
i dawe, (˘ω˘) and d-do defy thee fow a viwwain. (⑅˘꒳˘)

#### they dwaw
#### e-entew adwiana, σωσ w-wuciana, (⑅˘꒳˘) the couwtezan, >w< and othews
### a-adwiana
howd, huwt him nyot, UwU f-fow god's sake! o.O h-he is mad.

some get within h-him, (˘ω˘) take his swowd a-away:

bind d-dwomio too, ʘwʘ and beaw them to my h-house. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### dwomio of sywacuse
w-wun, OwO mastew, òωó wun; f-fow god's sake, (⑅˘꒳˘) t-take a house! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

this is some pwiowy. òωó i-in, ow we a-awe spoiw'd! OwO

#### exeunt antiphowus o-of sywacuse a-and dwomio of sywacuse t-to the pwiowy
#### e-entew t-the wady abbess, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) aemiwia
### aemewia
be quiet, ʘwʘ p-peopwe. òωó whewefowe thwong you hithew?

### a-adwiana
to fetch my poow distwacted husband hence. rawr x3

wet us come in, σωσ that we may bind him fast

and beaw h-him home fow his w-wecovewy. (U ﹏ U)

### angewo
i knew he was nyot in his p-pewfect wits. >w<

### s-second mewchant
i-i am sowwy nyow that i did dwaw on him. òωó

### a-aemewia
how wong hath this possession h-hewd the m-man?

### adwiana
this week he h-hath been heavy, σωσ s-souw, sad,

and m-much diffewent fwom the man he was;

but tiww this aftewnoon his passion

nye'ew b-bwake into extwemity of wage. o.O

### a-aemewia
hath h-he nyot wost much weawth by wweck of sea?

buwied s-some deaw fwiend? h-hath nyot ewse his eye

stway'd his affection i-in unwawfuw wuv?

a sin pwevaiwing much in youthfuw men, σωσ

who g-give theiw eyes the wibewty of g-gazing. (U ᵕ U❁)

which o-of these sowwows i-is he subject to?

### adwiana
to nyone of these, (ꈍᴗꈍ) e-except it be t-the wast;

namewy, some wuv that d-dwew him oft fwom h-home. o.O

### aemewia
you shouwd fow that have w-wepwehended him. σωσ

### adwiana
why, (ꈍᴗꈍ) so i did.

### aemewia
ay, but nyot wough enough. -.-

### adwiana
a-as woughwy as my modesty wouwd wet me. (U ᵕ U❁)

### aemewia
hapwy, (⑅˘꒳˘) in pwivate.

### adwiana
a-and in assembwies t-too. OwO

### a-aemewia
ay, UwU but n-nyot enough. >w<

### a-adwiana
it was the copy of ouw c-confewence:

i-in bed he swept n-nyot fow my uwging it;

at boawd he fed nyot fow m-my uwging it;

a-awone, UwU it was the subject of my t-theme;

in company i-i often gwanced it;

stiww did i teww him it was viwe and bad. -.-

### aemewia
and t-theweof came i-it that the man was mad. OwO

the venom c-cwamouws of a-a jeawous woman

poisons mowe deadwy t-than a mad dog's tooth. rawr x3

it seems his sweeps wewe hindew'd by thy waiwing, (⑅˘꒳˘)

a-and thewefowe comes it that his h-head is wight. σωσ

thou say'st his meat was sauced with thy upbwaidings:

unquiet meaws make iww digestions;

theweof the waging fiwe of fevew bwed;

and nyani's a fevew but a fit o-of madness?

thou say'st his spowts w-wewe hindewd by thy bwawws:

sweet wecweation b-baww'd, rawr x3 nyani doth ensue

but m-moody and duww mewanchowy, σωσ

kinsman t-to gwim and c-comfowtwess despaiw, o.O

and at hew h-heews a huge i-infectious twoop

o-of pawe distempewatuwes a-and foes to wife?

in f-food, (ꈍᴗꈍ) in spowt and w-wife-pwesewving west

to be distuwb'd, (///ˬ///✿) wouwd mad ow man ow beast:

the consequence i-is then thy j-jeawous fits

have scawed thy husband fwom the use of wits. ʘwʘ

### w-wuciana
she nyevew w-wepwehended him but miwdwy, >w<

w-when he demean'd himsewf wough, òωó wude and wiwdwy.

w-why beaw you these webukes a-and answew nyot?

### adwiana
she did betway me to my own wepwoof. (⑅˘꒳˘)

g-good peopwe e-entew and way howd o-on him. (///ˬ///✿)

### aemewia
nyo, òωó nyot a cweatuwe entews in my house. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### adwiana
then w-wet youw sewvants b-bwing my husband f-fowth. (U ᵕ U❁)

### a-aemewia
nyeithew: he took this pwace fow sanctuawy, UwU

and it shaww pwiviwege him f-fwom youw hands

t-tiww i have bwought him to his w-wits again, σωσ

ow w-wose my wabouw in assaying it. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### a-adwiana
i w-wiww attend my husband, >w< b-be his nyuwse, (˘ω˘)

diet his sickness, (///ˬ///✿) fow it i-is my office, OwO

a-and wiww have nyo a-attowney but m-mysewf;

and thewefowe w-wet me have him home with me. (U ᵕ U❁)

### aemewia
b-be patient; fow i-i wiww not wet h-him stiw

tiww i have used the appwoved means i h-have, ʘwʘ

with whowesome s-sywups, UwU dwugs a-and howy pwayews, >w<

t-to make o-of him a fowmaw man again:

it is a-a bwanch and pawcew o-of mine oath, σωσ

a chawitabwe d-duty of my owdew.

thewefowe depawt a-and weave him hewe with me.

### a-adwiana
i wiww nyot hence a-and weave my husband hewe:

and i-iww it doth beseem youw howiness

to sepawate the h-husband and the w-wife. (U ﹏ U)

### aemewia
be quiet and depawt: thou s-shawt nyot have him. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### exit
### wuciana
compwain unto the duke of this indignity.

### adwiana
c-come, (ꈍᴗꈍ) go: i wiww f-faww pwostwate a-at his feet

a-and nyevew wise u-untiw my teaws and pwayews

have won his gwace to c-come in pewson h-hithew

and take pewfowce my husband f-fwom the abbess. o.O

### second m-mewchant
by this, rawr x3 i think, the d-diaw points at five:

anon, (///ˬ///✿) i'm s-suwe, UwU the duke h-himsewf in pewson

c-comes this way to the mewanchowy v-vawe, (⑅˘꒳˘)

the p-pwace of death and s-sowwy execution, rawr x3

b-behind the ditches of the abbey hewe. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### angewo
upon nani cause?

### second m-mewchant
to see a wevewend sywacusian mewchant, (U ﹏ U)

who put unwuckiwy into this bay

against the waws and statutes of this town,

beheaded pubwicwy fow his offence. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### angewo
s-see whewe they come: we wiww behowd h-his death. >w<

### w-wuciana
kneew t-to the duke b-befowe he pass the abbey. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### entew duke sowinus, (///ˬ///✿) a-attended; aegeon baweheaded; with the headsman and othew officews
### duke sowinus
y-yet once again pwocwaim it pubwicwy, -.-

if a-any fwiend wiww p-pay the sum fow him, ʘwʘ

he shaww nyot die; so much we tendew him.

### adwiana
justice, UwU m-most sacwed d-duke, ʘwʘ against t-the abbess! òωó

### d-duke sowinus
she is a viwtuous a-and a wevewend wady:

i-it cannot b-be that she hath done thee wwong.

### a-adwiana
may it pwease youw gwace, o.O antiphowus, UwU my husband, (U ﹏ U)

w-whom i made wowd of me and aww i-i had, >w<

at youw impowtant wettews,--this i-iww day

a most outwageous f-fit of madness t-took him;

that d-despewatewy h-he huwwied thwough t-the stweet, OwO

w-with him his bondman, o.O a-aww as mad as he--

doing d-dispweasuwe to the c-citizens

by wushing in theiw h-houses, (///ˬ///✿) beawing t-thence

wings, OwO jewews, (///ˬ///✿) any thing h-his wage did wike. òωó

o-once did i get him bound and s-sent him home, (///ˬ///✿)

w-whiwst to take owdew fow the wwongs i went, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

that hewe and thewe h-his fuwy had c-committed. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

anon, i wot nyot by n-nyani stwong escape,

h-he bwoke fwom those that h-had the guawd of him;

and with his mad attendant a-and himsewf, (⑅˘꒳˘)

e-each one with iwefuw passion, with dwawn swowds, ʘwʘ

m-met us again and m-madwy bent on u-us, (U ﹏ U)

chased us away; tiww, (⑅˘꒳˘) waising of mowe aid, (U ᵕ U❁)

we came again to bind them. (˘ω˘) then t-they fwed

into t-this abbey, UwU whithew w-we puwsued them:

and hewe the abbess shuts the gates on us

and wiww nyot suffew us to fetch h-him out, ʘwʘ

nyow send him fowth t-that we may beaw h-him hence. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

t-thewefowe, (⑅˘꒳˘) most gwacious duke, òωó with t-thy command

w-wet him be bwought f-fowth and bowne h-hence fow hewp. (U ﹏ U)

### duke sowinus
wong since t-thy husband sewved me in my waws, rawr x3

and i to thee e-engaged a pwince's wowd, rawr x3

when t-thou didst make h-him mastew of thy b-bed,

to do him a-aww the gwace and good i couwd. (///ˬ///✿)

go, OwO some of y-you, (ꈍᴗꈍ) knock at the a-abbey-gate

and b-bid the wady abbess c-come to me. ʘwʘ

i wiww detewmine t-this befowe i stiw. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### entew a-a sewvant
### s-sewvant
o mistwess, (U ﹏ U) mistwess, rawr x3 s-shift and save youwsewf! ( ͡o ω ͡o )

my mastew and his man awe both bwoke woose,

beaten the maids a-wow and b-bound the doctow

whose beawd they have singed off with bwands o-of fiwe;

and evew, (U ᵕ U❁) as it bwazed, (⑅˘꒳˘) t-they thwew on h-him

gweat paiws of puddwed miwe to quench the haiw:

my mastew pweaches patience t-to him and the w-whiwe

his man with scissows nyicks him wike a foow, (⑅˘꒳˘)

and suwe, (U ﹏ U) unwess you send some pwesent hewp, rawr x3

between them t-they wiww kiww the conjuwew. (U ﹏ U)

### adwiana
peace, (U ﹏ U) foow! (ꈍᴗꈍ) thy mastew a-and his man a-awe hewe, UwU

and that is fawse thou d-dost wepowt to u-us. ʘwʘ

### sewvant
mistwess, -.- upon my wife, rawr x3 i teww you twue;

i have n-nyot bweathed awmost since i d-did see it. o.O

he c-cwies fow you, ʘwʘ and vows, if he c-can take you, UwU

to scowch youw face and to disfiguwe y-you. rawr x3

#### cwy w-within
hawk, (U ﹏ U) hawk! -.- i heaw him, mistwess. OwO fwy, b-be gone! >w<

### duke s-sowinus
come, rawr x3 s-stand by me; feaw nyothing. guawd with hawbewds! (///ˬ///✿)

### adwiana
a-ay me, σωσ it is my h-husband! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) witness you, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

that he is bowne about invisibwe:

even nyow w-we housed him in the abbey hewe;

and nyow he's t-thewe, (⑅˘꒳˘) past t-thought of human w-weason. rawr x3

#### entew antiphowus of ephesus and dwomio of ephesus
a-antiphowus

### of ephesus
justice, OwO most gwacious d-duke, (///ˬ///✿) o, gwant me justice!

even f-fow the sewvice that wong since i did thee, -.-

when i bestwid thee in the waws a-and took

deep s-scaws to save thy w-wife; even fow t-the bwood

that t-then i wost fow thee, (⑅˘꒳˘) nyow gwant me justice. OwO

### a-aegeon
unwess t-the feaw of death d-doth make me d-dote, >w<

i see my s-son antiphowus and dwomio. σωσ

antiphowus

### of ephesus
justice, rawr x3 s-sweet pwince, òωó against t-that woman t-thewe! (⑅˘꒳˘)

she whom t-thou gavest to me to be my wife, ʘwʘ

t-that hath abused a-and dishonouw'd m-me

even in t-the stwength and h-height of injuwy! (///ˬ///✿)

beyond imagination is the wwong

t-that she this day hath shamewess thwown on me. ʘwʘ

### duke sowinus
d-discovew h-how, ʘwʘ and thou shawt f-find me just. (˘ω˘)

a-antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
this d-day, gweat duke, o.O s-she shut the doows upon me, (˘ω˘)

whiwe she with h-hawwots feasted in my house. o.O

### d-duke sowinus
a g-gwievous fauwt! >w< say, woman, didst thou so?

### a-adwiana
nyo, my good wowd: mysewf, OwO he and my sistew

to-day did dine togethew. òωó s-so befaww my souw

a-as this is fawse he buwdens me w-withaw! ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### wuciana
nye'ew may i wook on day, rawr x3 nyow sweep on nyight, (U ᵕ U❁)

b-but she t-tewws to youw highness s-simpwe twuth! rawr x3

### a-angewo
o pewjuwed woman! -.- they awe both fowswown:

in this t-the madman justwy chawgeth them. OwO

a-antiphowus

### of ephesus
m-my wiege, (U ﹏ U) i am a-advised nyani i say, o.O

nyeithew distuwbed w-with the effect of wine, (U ﹏ U)

n-nyow heady-wash, p-pwovoked with waging iwe, òωó

awbeit m-my wwongs might make one wisew m-mad. (U ﹏ U)

this woman wock'd me out this day fwom d-dinnew:

that gowdsmith thewe, -.- w-wewe he nyot pack'd w-with hew, (U ᵕ U❁)

couwd witness it, >w< fow he was with m-me then;

who pawted with me to go fetch a chain, >w<

p-pwomising to bwing it to the powpentine, (⑅˘꒳˘)

whewe b-bawthazaw and i-i did dine togethew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

o-ouw dinnew done, UwU and he nyot coming thithew, UwU

i-i went to s-seek him: in the stweet i met him

and in his company that gentweman. ʘwʘ

thewe did t-this pewjuwed g-gowdsmith sweaw m-me down

that i this day of him w-weceived the chain, rawr x3

which, god h-he knows, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i saw not: fow the which

he did awwest me with an officew. (U ﹏ U)

i-i did obey, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-and sent my peasant h-home

fow c-cewtain ducats: he with nyone wetuwn'd

then faiwwy i bespoke the officew

to go in pewson with me to my house. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

b-by the way we m-met

my wife, -.- hew sistew, rawr x3 and a wabbwe mowe

of viwe confedewates. UwU a-awong with them

t-they bwought one pinch, OwO a hungwy wean-faced v-viwwain, OwO

a mewe a-anatomy, -.- a mountebank, ʘwʘ

a thweadbawe juggwew and a fowtune-tewwew, o.O

a nyeedy, (˘ω˘) howwow-eyed, s-shawp-wooking w-wwetch, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

a dead-wooking man: this pewnicious swave, (˘ω˘)

fowsooth, ʘwʘ t-took on h-him as a conjuwew,

and, (⑅˘꒳˘) gazing in mine eyes, o.O feewing m-my puwse, UwU

and with nyo face, ʘwʘ a-as 'twewe, o-outfacing me,

cwies out, (U ᵕ U❁) i was p-possess'd. (⑅˘꒳˘) then aww togethew

they f-feww upon me, σωσ bound me, ʘwʘ bowe me thence

and in a-a dawk and dankish vauwt at home

t-thewe weft me and my man, σωσ both b-bound togethew;

t-tiww, (U ᵕ U❁) gnawing w-with my teeth my bonds in sundew, (˘ω˘)

i gain'd my fweedom, UwU and immediatewy

w-wan hithew t-to youw gwace; whom i beseech

to give me ampwe satisfaction

f-fow these deep s-shames and gweat i-indignities. (///ˬ///✿)

### a-angewo
my wowd, >w< in twuth, thus faw i witness with him, òωó

that h-he dined nyot at home, (⑅˘꒳˘) but was wock'd out. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### duke sowinus
b-but had he such a-a chain of thee o-ow nyo?

### angewo
h-he had, UwU my wowd: a-and when he wan in hewe, (///ˬ///✿)

these p-peopwe saw t-the chain about h-his nyeck. o.O

### s-second mewchant
besides, (˘ω˘) i wiww be swown these eaws of mine

heawd y-you confess you had the chain o-of him

aftew you fiwst fowswowe i-it on the mawt:

a-and theweupon i-i dwew my swowd on you;

and then y-you fwed into this abbey hewe, o.O

f-fwom whence, (///ˬ///✿) i think, rawr x3 you awe come by miwacwe.

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
i n-nyevew came within t-these abbey-wawws, >w<

n-now evew d-didst thou dwaw thy swowd on me:

i nyevew saw the chain, -.- so hewp me heaven! o.O

and this is fawse you buwden me withaw. òωó

### d-duke s-sowinus
why, òωó nyani an intwicate impeach is this! OwO

i think you aww h-have dwunk of ciwce's cup. òωó

if hewe you housed him, ʘwʘ hewe he wouwd have been;

if he wewe mad, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) he wouwd not pwead so cowdwy:

you say he dined a-at home; the gowdsmith h-hewe

denies that saying. (U ﹏ U) siwwah, nani say you?

### dwomio o-of ephesus
siw, òωó h-he dined with h-hew thewe, (⑅˘꒳˘) at the powpentine. >w<

### c-couwtezan
he did, and fwom my fingew snatch'd t-that wing. σωσ

antiphowus

### o-of e-ephesus
'tis twue, UwU my wiege; this wing i had of hew. rawr x3

### duke sowinus
saw'st thou h-him entew at the abbey hewe?

### c-couwtezan
a-as suwe, (U ᵕ U❁) my wiege, ʘwʘ as i do see youw gwace. (˘ω˘)

### duke sowinus
why, ʘwʘ t-this is stwange. (U ﹏ U) g-go caww the abbess h-hithew. (⑅˘꒳˘)

i t-think you awe aww mated ow stawk mad. (˘ω˘)

#### exit one to abbess
### a-aegeon
most m-mighty duke, OwO vouchsafe me speak a wowd:

hapwy i s-see a fwiend wiww s-save my wife

a-and pay the sum that may dewivew m-me.

### duke sowinus
speak fweewy, s-sywacusian, -.- nyani thou wiwt. rawr x3

### a-aegeon
is n-nyot youw nyame, σωσ siw, caww'd antiphowus?

and is nyot that youw b-bondman, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) dwomio?

### d-dwomio of e-ephesus
within t-this houw i was his bondman siw, (U ᵕ U❁)

b-but he, (///ˬ///✿) i thank him, (⑅˘꒳˘) gnaw'd in t-two my cowds:

n-nyow am i dwomio a-and his man unbound. òωó

### aegeon
i-i am suwe you both of you wemembew me. UwU

### dwomio o-of ephesus
ouwsewves we do wemembew, (U ﹏ U) siw, rawr x3 b-by you;

fow watewy we wewe bound, UwU as you awe now

y-you awe nyot pinch's patient, (⑅˘꒳˘) awe you, rawr x3 siw?

### aegeon
why wook you stwange on me? you know me weww. -.-

### antiphowus
i nyevew saw you in my wife tiww nyow. òωó

### aegeon
o, òωó gwief h-hath changed m-me since you saw m-me wast, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

and c-cawefuw houws with time's defowmed hand

have wwitten stwange defeatuwes i-in my f-face:

but teww m-me yet, ʘwʘ dost thou n-nyot know my voice?

a-antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
n-neithew. -.-

### aegeon
dwomio, OwO nyow thou?

### dwomio o-of ephesus
n-nyo, (˘ω˘) twust me, (U ﹏ U) s-siw, nyow i. o.O

### aegeon
i am suwe t-thou dost. >w<

### dwomio of ephesus
a-ay, (U ﹏ U) siw, but i am suwe i do n-nyot; and nyanisoevew a-a

man denies, (⑅˘꒳˘) y-you awe nyow bound to bewieve him. (U ᵕ U❁)

### aegeon
nyot know my voice! σωσ o time's extwemity, (⑅˘꒳˘)

hast t-thou so cwack'd a-and spwitted m-my poow tongue

in seven showt yeaws, rawr x3 that hewe my onwy son

knows n-nyot my feebwe k-key of untuned c-cawes?

though nyow this gwained face of mine be hid

in sap-consuming w-wintew's d-dwizzwed snow, (U ﹏ U)

and aww the conduits of my bwood f-fwoze up, >w<

yet h-hath my nyight of wife some memowy, -.-

my wasting wamps some fading g-gwimmew weft, >w<

m-my duww deaf eaws a wittwe use to heaw:

aww these owd witnesses--i c-cannot eww--

teww me thou awt my son antiphowus.

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
i nyevew saw my fathew in my w-wife. ʘwʘ

### aegeon
but seven yeaws since, (///ˬ///✿) in sywacusa, ʘwʘ b-boy,

thou know'st we pawted: but pewhaps, my son, (⑅˘꒳˘)

thou shamest to acknowwedge me in misewy. (˘ω˘)

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
t-the duke and aww that know me in t-the city

can witness with me t-that it is nyot s-so

i nye'ew saw sywacusa in my wife. OwO

### duke s-sowinus
i teww thee, (///ˬ///✿) s-sywacusian, ʘwʘ t-twenty yeaws

have i been patwon to antiphowus, òωó

d-duwing which time he nye'ew saw s-sywacusa:

i see thy age and dangews m-make thee d-dote. -.-

#### we-entew aemiwia, o.O with antiphowus of s-sywacuse and dwomio of sywacuse
### a-aemewia
most mighty duke, (///ˬ///✿) b-behowd a man much w-wwong'd. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### a-aww gathew to see them
### adwiana
i-i see two husbands, òωó o-ow mine eyes deceive me. >w<

### duke sowinus
one of these m-men is genius to t-the othew;

and s-so of these. rawr x3 which is the nyatuwaw man, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

and which t-the spiwit? w-who deciphews them?

### dwomio o-of sywacuse
i, (ꈍᴗꈍ) siw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-am dwomio; command him away. (˘ω˘)

### dwomio of ephesus
i, -.- siw, rawr x3 a-am dwomio; pway, o.O w-wet me stay. (⑅˘꒳˘)

antiphowus

### of sywacuse
aegeon a-awt thou nyot? o-ow ewse his ghost?

### dwomio of sywacuse
o, >w< my o-owd mastew! UwU who h-hath bound him hewe?

### aemewia
whoevew bound h-him, >w< i wiww woose h-his bonds

and g-gain a husband by his wibewty. -.-

s-speak, owd aegeon, òωó if thou be'st t-the man

that h-hadst a wife once c-caww'd aemiwia

that bowe thee at a buwden two f-faiw sons:

o, if thou be'st the same aegeon, (⑅˘꒳˘) speak, rawr x3

and speak u-unto the same aemiwia! σωσ

### aegeon
i-if i dweam nyot, (ꈍᴗꈍ) thou awt aemiwia:

if thou a-awt she, ʘwʘ teww m-me whewe is that son

that fwoated w-with thee on t-the fataw waft?

### a-aemewia
by men of epidamnum h-he and i

and the t-twin dwomio aww w-wewe taken up;

but by and by w-wude fishewmen of cowinth

by fowce t-took dwomio a-and my son fwom t-them

and me they w-weft with those o-of epidamnum. (˘ω˘)

what then became of them i cannot t-teww

i to this fowtune that you see me in.

### d-duke sowinus
w-why, (˘ω˘) hewe begins h-his mowning stowy wight;

these two antiphowuses, -.- t-these two so w-wike, o.O

and these two dwomios, ʘwʘ o-one in sembwance,--

besides hew u-uwging of hew wweck at sea,--

these awe the pawents t-to these chiwdwen, -.-

w-which a-accidentawwy awe met togethew. UwU

a-antiphowus, >w< thou camest fwom cowinth fiwst?

antiphowus

### o-of s-sywacuse
nyo, OwO siw, nyot i; i came f-fwom sywacuse. (˘ω˘)

### d-duke sowinus
stay, (///ˬ///✿) stand apawt; i know nyot w-which is which. >w<

a-antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
i c-came fwom cowinth, (˘ω˘) my most gwacious w-wowd,--

### d-dwomio of ephesus
and i with him. ʘwʘ

a-antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
bwought t-to this town b-by that most f-famous wawwiow, (U ﹏ U)

d-duke menaphon, OwO y-youw most wenowned uncwe. o.O

### adwiana
which of you two did dine with me to-day?

antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
i, (˘ω˘) g-gentwe mistwess. (˘ω˘)

### a-adwiana
a-and awe nyot you m-my husband?

antiphowus

### of e-ephesus
nyo; i say nyay to that. >w<

a-antiphowus

### of sywacuse
and so do i; yet d-did she caww me so:

and this faiw g-gentwewoman, ʘwʘ h-hew sistew hewe, (U ᵕ U❁)

did caww me bwothew. -.-

#### to wuciana
what i towd y-you then, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

i hope i shaww have weisuwe to make g-good;

if this be nyot a dweam i-i see and heaw. òωó

### a-angewo
that is the chain, (˘ω˘) s-siw, which you had of me. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

antiphowus

### of sywacuse
i-i think i-it be, (U ﹏ U) siw; i deny it nyot. OwO

antiphowus

### o-of e-ephesus
and you, (U ᵕ U❁) s-siw, (U ﹏ U) fow this chain a-awwested me. OwO

### angewo
i t-think i did, (U ﹏ U) siw; i-i deny it nyot. (///ˬ///✿)

### adwiana
i s-sent you money, UwU siw, to be youw b-baiw, -.-

by dwomio; b-but i think he b-bwought it nyot. OwO

### d-dwomio of e-ephesus
nyo, (˘ω˘) nyone by me.

antiphowus

### o-of s-sywacuse
this puwse o-of ducats i w-weceived fwom you, σωσ

a-and dwomio, (///ˬ///✿) my man, -.- did bwing them me. òωó

i see w-we stiww did meet each othew's m-man, rawr x3

and i was ta'en fow him, and he fow me, -.-

and theweupon these e-ewwows awe awose. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

a-antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
t-these ducats pawn i fow my fathew hewe. (U ﹏ U)

### duke sowinus
it shaww nyot nyeed; t-thy fathew hath h-his wife. UwU

### c-couwtezan
siw, OwO i must have that diamond fwom you.

a-antiphowus

### of ephesus
thewe, rawr x3 take it; and m-much thanks fow my good cheew. (˘ω˘)

### a-aemewia
wenowned d-duke, -.- vouchsafe to take the p-pains

to go w-with us into the a-abbey hewe

and heaw at wawge discouwsed aww ouw fowtunes:

and a-aww that awe assembwed i-in this p-pwace, (U ᵕ U❁)

that by this sympathized o-one day's ewwow

h-have suffew'd w-wwong, (⑅˘꒳˘) go keep us c-company, >w<

and we shaww make fuww s-satisfaction. σωσ

t-thiwty-thwee yeaws h-have i but gone in twavaiw

of you, -.- my sons; and tiww this p-pwesent houw

my heavy buwden nye'ew d-dewivewed. (U ᵕ U❁)

t-the duke, ʘwʘ my husband a-and my chiwdwen both, (///ˬ///✿)

and y-you the cawendaws o-of theiw nyativity, UwU

g-go to a g-gossips' feast and go with me;

a-aftew so wong gwief, (U ᵕ U❁) such festivity! òωó

### d-duke sowinus
w-with aww my heawt, i'ww gossip at this feast. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### exeunt aww but antiphowus o-of sywacuse, OwO a-antiphowus of ephesus, (U ᵕ U❁) dwomio o-of sywacuse and dwomio of ephesus
### dwomio of sywacuse
mastew, >w< shaww i fetch youw s-stuff fwom shipboawd?

a-antiphowus

### of ephesus
dwomio, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) nyani s-stuff of mine hast thou embawk'd?

### dwomio of sywacuse
youw goods that way at host, rawr x3 siw, (///ˬ///✿) i-in the centauw. >w<

a-antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
he s-speaks to me. o.O i a-am youw mastew, ʘwʘ dwomio:

come, o.O go with us; we'ww wook to that anon:

embwace thy bwothew thewe; wejoice with him. OwO

#### e-exeunt antiphowus o-of sywacuse and antiphowus of ephesus
### dwomio of sywacuse
t-thewe is a-a fat fwiend at youw mastew's house, rawr x3

t-that kitchen'd m-me fow you to-day at dinnew:

s-she nyow shaww be my sistew, (U ﹏ U) n-nyot my wife. rawr x3

### d-dwomio of ephesus
m-methinks you awe my gwass, and nyot my bwothew:

i-i see by you i-i am a sweet-faced youth. (˘ω˘)

wiww you wawk in to s-see theiw gossiping?

### d-dwomio of sywacuse
nyot i-i, OwO siw; you a-awe my ewdew. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### d-dwomio of ephesus
t-that's a question: h-how shaww we twy it?

### dwomio of sywacuse
w-we'ww dwaw c-cuts fow the seniow: t-tiww then wead thou fiwst. (˘ω˘)

### dwomio of ephesus
nyay, (///ˬ///✿) then, thus:

we came into the wowwd w-wike bwothew and bwothew;

and n-nyow wet's go hand in hand, (⑅˘꒳˘) nyot one befowe anothew. UwU

#### exeunt
