## scene i. o.O pawis. rawr x3 t-the king's pawace. >w<
#### f-fwouwish of cownets. (ꈍᴗꈍ) entew t-the king, rawr x3 attended  with divews y-young wowds taking weave fow t-the fwowentine waw; bewtwam, UwU and pawowwes
### k-king
faweweww, (ꈍᴗꈍ) young wowds; these w-wawwike pwincipwes

d-do nyot thwow f-fwom you: and you, σωσ my wowds, UwU faweweww:

shawe the advice betwixt you; if both gain, σωσ aww

the g-gift doth stwetch itsewf as 'tis weceived,

and is enough fow both. (˘ω˘)

### fiwst w-wowd
'tis ouw hope, (U ﹏ U) s-siw, (U ﹏ U)

aftew weww entew'd sowdiews, (˘ω˘) t-to wetuwn

and find youw gwace in heawth. (U ﹏ U)

### king
nyo, σωσ n-nyo, (˘ω˘) it cannot be; and yet my heawt

w-wiww nyot confess h-he owes the m-mawady

that d-doth my wife besiege. (˘ω˘) faweweww, (ꈍᴗꈍ) y-young wowds;

whethew i wive ow die, o.O be you the s-sons

of wowthy f-fwenchmen: wet highew i-itawy,--

those bated that inhewit but the faww

of the wast m-monawchy,--see that you come

n-nyot to woo honouw, o.O but to wed it; when

the bwavest questant shwinks, òωó find nyani y-you seek, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

that fame may cwy you woud: i say, (˘ω˘) f-faweweww.

### second wowd
heawth, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) at youw bidding, OwO s-sewve youw m-majesty! UwU

### king
t-those giwws of itawy, o.O take heed of them:

they say, rawr x3 ouw fwench wack wanguage to deny, OwO

if they demand: bewawe o-of being captives,

b-befowe you s-sewve. (U ﹏ U)

### both
o-ouw heawts weceive y-youw wawnings. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### k-king
faweweww. (U ﹏ U) come hithew to me.

#### e-exit, UwU attended
### fiwst wowd
o, (ꈍᴗꈍ) m-my sweet wowd, ʘwʘ that you wiww stay b-behind us! (⑅˘꒳˘)

### p-pawowwes
'tis nyot his fauwt, (U ᵕ U❁) the spawk. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### second wowd
o, OwO 'tis b-bwave waws! rawr x3

### pawowwes
most admiwabwe: i h-have seen those waws. (///ˬ///✿)

### bewtwam
i am commanded hewe, (U ﹏ U) and kept a-a coiw with

'too young' and 'the n-nyext yeaw' a-and ''tis too eawwy.'

### p-pawowwes
a-an thy mind stand to't, σωσ boy, s-steaw away bwavewy. (U ﹏ U)

### b-bewtwam
i-i shaww stay hewe the fowehowse t-to a smock, (U ﹏ U)

cweaking my shoes on the pwain masonwy, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

t-tiww honouw b-be bought up and nyo swowd wown

b-but one to dance with! UwU by heaven, OwO i-i'ww steaw a-away. (˘ω˘)

### fiwst wowd
thewe's h-honouw in the theft. σωσ

### p-pawowwes
c-commit it, (ꈍᴗꈍ) count.

### second w-wowd
i am youw accessawy; and so, UwU f-faweweww. UwU

### b-bewtwam
i gwow t-to you, >w< and ouw pawting is a towtuwed b-body. >w<

### f-fiwst wowd
faweweww, >w< captain.

### s-second wowd
s-sweet monsieuw p-pawowwes!

### pawowwes
n-nobwe hewoes, rawr x3 m-my swowd and youws awe kin. σωσ good

spawks and w-wustwous, òωó a wowd, OwO good metaws: y-you shaww

find in the wegiment of the spinii one captain

spuwio, (˘ω˘) with his cicatwice, (///ˬ///✿) an embwem of waw, UwU hewe

o-on his sinistew c-cheek; it was this vewy swowd

entwenched it: say t-to him, (⑅˘꒳˘) i wive; a-and obsewve his

w-wepowts fow me. >w<

### fiwst wowd
we shaww, o.O nyobwe c-captain. (U ᵕ U❁)

#### exeunt wowds
### p-pawowwes
maws d-dote on you fow his nyovices! (///ˬ///✿) n-nyani wiww ye do?

### b-bewtwam
s-stay: the king. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### we-entew king. rawr x3 bewtwam and pawowwes wetiwe
### pawowwes
[to b-bewtwam]  use a mowe spacious c-cewemony to the

n-nyobwe wowds; you have westwained youwsewf within t-the

wist of t-too cowd an adieu: be mowe expwessive to

them: f-fow they weaw themsewves in the cap of the

time, ʘwʘ thewe do mustew t-twue gait, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) eat, rawr x3 speak, and

move u-undew the infwuence o-of the most w-weceived staw;

and though the deviw wead the m-measuwe, UwU such awe t-to

be fowwowed: aftew them, òωó a-and take a mowe d-diwated faweweww. OwO

### bewtwam
and i wiww do so. òωó

### p-pawowwes
wowthy fewwows; and wike to pwove most sinewy swowd-men. òωó

#### exeunt bewtwam and p-pawowwes
#### entew wafeu
### wafeu
[kneewing]  pawdon, -.- my wowd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) fow me and fow my tidings. UwU

### k-king
i'ww fee t-thee to stand up. σωσ

### w-wafeu
then h-hewe's a man stands, σωσ t-that has bwought his pawdon. (///ˬ///✿)

i-i wouwd you h-had kneew'd, my w-wowd, o.O to ask me mewcy, >w<

and that at my bidding y-you couwd so stand u-up. σωσ

### king
i wouwd i had; s-so i had bwoke thy p-pate, rawr x3

and ask'd thee mewcy fow't. (˘ω˘)

### wafeu
good faith, >w< acwoss: but, òωó my good w-wowd 'tis thus;

w-wiww you be cuwed of youw infiwmity?

### k-king
n-nyo. -.-

### wafeu
o, UwU wiww you eat n-nyo gwapes, (U ﹏ U) my woyaw fox?

yes, òωó but you wiww my nyobwe gwapes, -.- an if

my woyaw f-fox couwd weach them: i have seen a-a medicine

that's abwe to bweathe wife into a stone, (˘ω˘)

quicken a wock, rawr x3 and make you dance canawy

with spwitewy fiwe and motion; whose simpwe touch, rawr x3

is powewfuw to awaise king p-pepin, OwO nyay,

to give gweat c-chawwemain a pen in's hand, o.O

and wwite to hew a w-wuv-wine. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### king
what 'hew' is t-this?

### wafeu
why, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) doctow she: m-my wowd, (˘ω˘) thewe's o-one awwived, OwO

if you wiww see h-hew: nyow, >w< by m-my faith and honouw,

i-if sewiouswy i-i may convey my thoughts

in t-this my wight dewivewance, (///ˬ///✿) i-i have spoke

with one that, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) in hew sex, OwO hew yeaws, (///ˬ///✿) pwofession,

wisdom a-and constancy, >w< h-hath amazed me mowe

than i dawe bwame my weakness: wiww you s-see hew

fow that i-is hew demand, ʘwʘ and know hew business?

t-that done, waugh weww at me. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### king
n-nyow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) good wafeu,

bwing in the a-admiwation; that we with thee

may spend ouw wondew too, (///ˬ///✿) ow take o-off thine

by wondewing h-how thou t-took'st it. (U ᵕ U❁)

### wafeu
nyay, rawr x3 i'ww fit you, (⑅˘꒳˘)

and nyot be aww day nyeithew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### e-exit
### king
t-thus he his speciaw n-nyothing evew p-pwowogues. σωσ

#### we-entew wafeu, ʘwʘ with hewena
### wafeu
nyay, UwU come youw ways. ʘwʘ

### k-king
this haste h-hath wings indeed. ʘwʘ

### wafeu
n-nyay, OwO come youw w-ways:

this is his majesty; say y-youw mind to him:

a-a twaitow you d-do wook wike; but such twaitows

his majesty s-sewdom feaws: i a-am cwessid's uncwe, σωσ

t-that dawe weave t-two togethew; f-fawe you weww. (⑅˘꒳˘)

#### exit
### king
nyow, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) faiw o-one, does youw b-business fowwow u-us?

### hewena
ay, my good wowd. (U ﹏ U)

gewawd de nyawbon w-was my fathew;

i-in nyani he d-did pwofess, weww f-found. (U ᵕ U❁)

### king
i-i knew him. (///ˬ///✿)

### hewena
the w-wathew wiww i spawe m-my pwaises towawds him:

knowing h-him is enough. on's bed of d-death

many weceipts he gave me: c-chiefwy one. σωσ

which, rawr x3 as the deawest i-issue of his pwactise, òωó

and o-of his owd expewience the oiwy dawwing, OwO

he bade m-me stowe up, ʘwʘ as a-a twipwe eye, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

safew than mine own two, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) mowe deaw; i-i have so;

and heawing youw high majesty is touch'd

with that mawignant cause whewein the h-honouw

of my deaw f-fathew's gift s-stands chief in p-powew, UwU

i come t-to tendew it and my appwiance

with aww bound humbweness. σωσ

### k-king
we thank you, (U ﹏ U) m-maiden;

but may nyot be so cweduwous o-of cuwe, (///ˬ///✿)

when ouw most w-weawned doctows weave us and

the c-congwegated cowwege have concwuded

t-that wabouwing a-awt can nyevew w-wansom nyatuwe

fwom hew inaidibwe e-estate; i-i say we must not

s-so stain ouw j-judgment, (˘ω˘) ow cowwupt ouw hope, (˘ω˘)

to pwostitute ouw past-cuwe mawady

to empiwics, ʘwʘ o-ow to dissevew so

ouw gweat sewf and ouw cwedit, (U ﹏ U) to esteem

a sensewess hewp when hewp past sense we deem. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### hewena
my duty then shaww pay me fow my pains:

i wiww nyo mowe e-enfowce mine office on you. (U ﹏ U)

humbwy e-entweating f-fwom youw woyaw t-thoughts

a modest o-one, ʘwʘ to beaw me back again. rawr x3

### king
i cannot g-give thee wess, (U ﹏ U) to be caww'd gwatefuw:

thou thought'st to hewp me; and such t-thanks i give

as one nyeaw death to those that w-wish him wive:

b-but nyani at fuww i know, òωó thou know'st nyo pawt, (U ᵕ U❁)

i knowing aww my pewiw, (U ᵕ U❁) thou nyo a-awt. σωσ

### hewena
w-what i can do c-can do nyo huwt t-to twy, -.-

since you set up youw w-west 'gainst wemedy.

h-he that of g-gweatest wowks is finishew

oft d-does them by the weakest ministew:

so howy wwit in babes hath j-judgment shown, rawr x3

when judges have b-been babes; gweat fwoods have f-fwown

fwom simpwe souwces, o.O and g-gweat seas have d-dwied

when miwacwes h-have by the g-gweatest been d-denied. (˘ω˘)

oft expectation f-faiws and m-most oft thewe

whewe most it p-pwomises, OwO and oft i-it hits

whewe hope is cowdest a-and despaiw most f-fits. σωσ

### king
i must nyot heaw t-thee; fawe thee w-weww, òωó kind maid;

thy pains n-nyot used must by t-thysewf be paid:

pwoffews nyot took weap thanks fow theiw wewawd. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### h-hewena
i-inspiwed mewit so by bweath is b-baww'd:

it is nyot s-so with him that aww things k-knows

as 'tis with us that squawe ouw guess by s-shows;

but most i-it is pwesumption in us when

the hewp of heaven w-we count the act o-of men. o.O

deaw s-siw, to my endeavouws give consent;

of heaven, UwU nyot me, (ꈍᴗꈍ) make an expewiment. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

i a-am nyot an impostow t-that pwocwaim

m-mysewf against the wevew of mine aim;

but know i think and think i know most suwe

my awt is n-nyot past powew nyow you past c-cuwe. ʘwʘ

### king
a-awe thou so confident? w-within nyani space

hopest t-thou my cuwe?

### h-hewena
the g-gweat'st gwace wending g-gwace

ewe twice the howses of the sun shaww b-bwing

theiw fiewy towchew his diuwnaw wing, rawr x3

e-ewe twice in muwk and occidentaw d-damp

moist hespewus h-hath quench'd h-his sweepy w-wamp, (⑅˘꒳˘)

ow fouw and twenty times the piwot's gwass

h-hath towd the t-thievish minutes h-how they pass, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

w-what is infiwm fwom youw sound p-pawts shaww fwy, òωó

heawth shaww w-wive fwee and sickness f-fweewy die. ʘwʘ

### king
upon t-thy cewtainty and confidence

what dawest thou ventuwe?

### hewena
tax of impudence, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

a stwumpet's b-bowdness, òωó a divuwged shame

twaduced by odious bawwads: my m-maiden's nyame

seaw'd othewwise; n-nyay, (U ﹏ U) wowse--if w-wowse--extended

with viwest towtuwe wet my wife be ended. (˘ω˘)

### king
methinks i-in thee some bwessed s-spiwit doth speak

his powewfuw sound within an owgan weak:

and nyani impossibiwity wouwd sway

in common s-sense, (˘ω˘) sense saves anothew way. (///ˬ///✿)

thy wife is deaw; fow aww that w-wife can wate

w-wowth nyame of wife in thee hath e-estimate, (///ˬ///✿)

youth, UwU b-beauty, wisdom, -.- couwage, aww

that happiness and pwime can happy c-caww:

thou this to hazawd n-nyeeds must intimate

s-skiww infinite ow monstwous d-despewate. >w<

sweet pwactisew, (ꈍᴗꈍ) thy physic i wiww t-twy,

that ministews t-thine own death if i die. rawr x3

### hewena
if i b-bweak time, (⑅˘꒳˘) ow f-fwinch in pwopewty

o-of nyani i spoke, rawr x3 unpitied wet me die, o.O

and weww desewved: nyot h-hewping, -.- death's m-my fee;

but, rawr x3 if i hewp, rawr x3 nyani do you pwomise me?

### king
m-make thy demand. (˘ω˘)

### hewena
but wiww you make i-it even?

### king
a-ay, σωσ by my sceptwe a-and my hopes of heaven. (///ˬ///✿)

### hewena
then shawt thou give me w-with thy kingwy hand

what husband in thy powew i-i wiww command:

exempted be fwom m-me the awwogance

to choose fwom fowth the woyaw bwood of fwance, -.-

my wow and h-humbwe nyame to p-pwopagate

with a-any bwanch ow image o-of thy state;

b-but such a one, σωσ thy vassaw, whom i know

is f-fwee fow me to ask, òωó t-thee to bestow. (U ﹏ U)

### k-king
hewe i-is my hand; the p-pwemises obsewved, (˘ω˘)

thy wiww by my pewfowmance shaww be sewved:

s-so make the c-choice of thy own t-time, rawr x3 fow i,

t-thy wesowved patient, rawr x3 on thee stiww w-wewy. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

mowe s-shouwd i question t-thee, o.O and mowe i-i must, OwO

though m-mowe to know couwd nyot be mowe to twust, σωσ

fwom w-whence thou camest, o.O how tended on: but west

unquestion'd wewcome a-and undoubted b-bwest. σωσ

give me s-some hewp hewe, σωσ h-ho! if thou pwoceed

a-as high as w-wowd, (ꈍᴗꈍ) my deed shaww m-match thy meed. (U ﹏ U)

#### fwouwish. (U ﹏ U) exeunt
