## scene i. òωó befowe t-the house of antiphowus o-of ephesus. (˘ω˘)
#### entew a-antiphowus of ephesus, o.O dwomio of e-ephesus, ʘwʘ angewo, and bawthazaw
a-antiphowus

### of ephesus
good signiow angewo, òωó y-you must excuse us aww;

my wife i-is shwewish when i-i keep nyot houws:

s-say that i wingew'd with you at youw shop

to see the making of hew cawcanet, -.-

and that to-mowwow y-you wiww bwing it home. ʘwʘ

but hewe's a viwwain that wouwd face me down

h-he met me on the m-mawt, (U ᵕ U❁) and that i beat him, >w<

and c-chawged him with a thousand mawks in gowd, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

and that i did deny m-my wife and house.

thou dwunkawd, t-thou, σωσ nyani d-didst thou mean b-by this?

### dwomio o-of ephesus
say nyani you wiww, rawr x3 s-siw, but i know nyani i know;

that you beat m-me at the mawt, (U ᵕ U❁) i-i have youw hand t-to show:

if the skin wewe pawchment, rawr x3 and the bwows you gave wewe i-ink, (///ˬ///✿)

youw own handwwiting wouwd t-teww you nyani i think. (U ᵕ U❁)

antiphowus

### of ephesus
i think thou awt an ass. (///ˬ///✿)

### d-dwomio of ephesus
mawwy, òωó so it doth appeaw

b-by the wwongs i suffew and the bwows i beaw. >w<

i-i shouwd kick, (U ﹏ U) b-being kick'd; and, (U ﹏ U) b-being at that pass, (⑅˘꒳˘)

you wouwd keep fwom my heews and bewawe of an ass. (˘ω˘)

antiphowus

### of ephesus
you'we sad, ʘwʘ s-signiow bawthazaw: p-pway god ouw c-cheew

may answew m-my good wiww a-and youw good w-wewcome hewe. òωó

### bawthazaw
i howd youw dainties c-cheap, ʘwʘ siw, and youw

wewcome d-deaw.

antiphowus

### of ephesus
o-o, (ꈍᴗꈍ) signiow bawthazaw, -.- e-eithew at fwesh ow fish, OwO

a tabwe fuww of wewcome make scawce o-one dainty dish. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### bawthazaw
good meat, ʘwʘ s-siw, is common; that evewy chuww affowds. o.O

antiphowus

### of ephesus
a-and wewcome mowe common; f-fow that's nyothing b-but wowds. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### b-bawthazaw
smaww c-cheew and gweat wewcome makes a-a mewwy feast. >w<

a-antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
ay, rawr x3 to a nyiggawdwy h-host, (˘ω˘) and mowe spawing guest:

but though my cates b-be mean, (///ˬ///✿) take t-them in good pawt;

bettew cheew m-may you have, (///ˬ///✿) but nyot with bettew h-heawt. (///ˬ///✿)

but, s-soft! (U ﹏ U) my doow is wock'd. (⑅˘꒳˘) go bid t-them wet us in. (///ˬ///✿)

### d-dwomio of e-ephesus
maud, (˘ω˘) bwidget, mawian, o.O c-cicew, giwwian, rawr x3 ginn!

### dwomio o-of sywacuse
[within]  m-mome, (ꈍᴗꈍ) mawt-howse, OwO c-capon, coxcomb, σωσ

idiot, p-patch! σωσ

eithew g-get thee fwom the doow, σωσ ow sit d-down at the hatch. (˘ω˘)

d-dost thou conjuwe f-fow wenches, OwO t-that thou caww'st

f-fow such stowe, òωó

when one is one too many? g-go, σωσ get thee fwom the doow. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### d-dwomio of ephesus
what patch is made ouw powtew? my mastew stays in

the stweet. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  w-wet him wawk f-fwom whence he came, rawr x3 west he

catch cowd on's f-feet. σωσ

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
w-who tawks within thewe? ho, -.- open the doow! ʘwʘ

### d-dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  wight, σωσ siw; i'ww t-teww you when, σωσ a-an you teww

me whewefowe. σωσ

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
w-whewefowe? f-fow my dinnew: i have nyot dined to-day. (U ﹏ U)

### dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  nyow t-to-day hewe you must nyot; come a-again

when you m-may. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

antiphowus

### of ephesus
what awt thou t-that keepest me o-out fwom the house i owe?

### dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  t-the powtew fow this time, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) siw, and my nyame

is dwomio. (U ﹏ U)

### d-dwomio of ephesus
o viwwain! ʘwʘ t-thou hast s-stowen both mine o-office and my nyame. UwU

the one nye'ew got me cwedit, UwU t-the othew m-mickwe bwame. (˘ω˘)

if thou hadst been d-dwomio to-day i-in my pwace, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

thou wouwdst have changed thy face f-fow a nyame ow thy

nyame fow an ass. -.-

### wuce
[within]  what a coiw is thewe, OwO dwomio? who awe t-those

at the gate?

### dwomio of ephesus
wet my mastew in, OwO wuce.

### wuce
[within]  f-faith, (///ˬ///✿) no; h-he comes too w-wate;

and so teww y-youw mastew. (U ﹏ U)

### d-dwomio of ephesus
o wowd, (⑅˘꒳˘) i m-must waugh! UwU

have a-at you with a p-pwovewb--shaww i set in my staff?

### wuce
[within]  h-have at you w-with anothew; that's--when?

c-can you teww?

### d-dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  if thy nyame be caww'd wuce--wuce, (U ᵕ U❁) thou hast

answewed him weww. (U ﹏ U)

### a-antiphowus
d-do you heaw, rawr x3 you minion? you'ww w-wet us in, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i hope?

o-of ephesus

### wuce
[within]  i-i thought to have asked you. (U ᵕ U❁)

### dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  and you said n-no. ʘwʘ

### dwomio of ephesus
so, (U ᵕ U❁) come, h-hewp: weww stwuck! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) thewe was bwow fow bwow. (///ˬ///✿)

antiphowus

### of ephesus
thou baggage, (///ˬ///✿) wet me in.

### wuce
[within]  can you teww fow whose sake?

### dwomio of ephesus
mastew, k-knock the doow hawd. (U ﹏ U)

### w-wuce
[within]  wet him knock tiww it ache. >w<

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
you'ww cwy f-fow this, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) minion, (˘ω˘) if i beat the d-doow down. -.-

### w-wuce
[within]  what nyeeds aww t-that, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and a paiw o-of stocks in the t-town?

### adwiana
[within]  w-who is that at the doow that keeps a-aww

this nyoise?

### d-dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  by my twoth, σωσ youw town is twoubwed with

u-unwuwy boys. -.-

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
awe you thewe, o.O wife? you might have come b-befowe. >w<

### adwiana
[within]  y-youw wife, >w< siw knave! (˘ω˘) go get you f-fwom the doow. (///ˬ///✿)

### dwomio of ephesus
if you went i-in pain, (///ˬ///✿) mastew, (U ᵕ U❁) this 'knave' w-wouwd go sowe. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### angewo
hewe is nyeithew cheew, (⑅˘꒳˘) siw, nyow wewcome: w-we wouwd

f-fain have eithew. òωó

### b-bawthazaw
in debating which was best, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) we shaww pawt with nyeithew. ʘwʘ

### d-dwomio of ephesus
t-they stand at t-the doow, (˘ω˘) mastew; b-bid them wewcome hithew. rawr x3

antiphowus

### of ephesus
thewe is something in the w-wind, rawr x3 that we c-cannot get in. -.-

### dwomio of ephesus
y-you wouwd s-say so, ʘwʘ mastew, ʘwʘ if youw gawments w-wewe thin. >w<

youw c-cake thewe is w-wawm within; you stand hewe in the cowd:

it wouwd m-make a man mad a-as a buck, ʘwʘ to b-be so bought and s-sowd. òωó

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
go fetch me something: i'ww bweak o-ope the gate. (///ˬ///✿)

### d-dwomio of s-sywacuse
[within]  bweak any bweaking hewe, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and i-i'ww bweak youw

k-knave's pate. (U ᵕ U❁)

### d-dwomio of e-ephesus
a man may b-bweak a wowd with you, (ꈍᴗꈍ) siw, >w< and w-wowds awe but w-wind,

ay, òωó and bweak it in youw f-face, (ꈍᴗꈍ) so he bweak it not behind. (˘ω˘)

### d-dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  i-it seems thou want'st bweaking: o-out upon

thee, rawr x3 hind!

### dwomio o-of ephesus
hewe's too much 'out upon thee!' i-i pway thee, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

wet m-me in. ʘwʘ

### dwomio of sywacuse
[within]  ay, (ꈍᴗꈍ) w-when fowws have nyo feathews and fish have nyo fin. (U ﹏ U)

antiphowus

### of ephesus
weww, i'ww bweak i-in: go bowwow me a-a cwow. o.O

### dwomio o-of ephesus
a-a cwow without f-feathew? mastew, (⑅˘꒳˘) mean you so?

fow a fish without a-a fin, OwO thewe's a-a foww without a feathew;

if a c-cwow hewp us in, (U ᵕ U❁) siwwah, >w< we'ww p-pwuck a cwow togethew. >w<

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
go get thee gone; f-fetch me an i-iwon cwow. ʘwʘ

### b-bawthazaw
have patience, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) siw; o, UwU w-wet it nyot be s-so! òωó

hewein you w-waw against youw w-weputation

and dwaw within the compass of suspect

the unviowated honouw of youw w-wife. (⑅˘꒳˘)

once this,--youw wong expewience of hew wisdom, (⑅˘꒳˘)

hew sobew viwtue, σωσ yeaws and modesty, ʘwʘ

pwead on hew pawt some cause to you unknown:

and doubt nyot, >w< siw, (U ﹏ U) but she wiww w-weww excuse

why at this time t-the doows awe made a-against you. OwO

b-be wuwed by me: d-depawt in patience, òωó

and wet us to the tigew aww t-to dinnew, (U ﹏ U)

and about evening come youwsewf awone

to know the weason of this s-stwange westwaint. OwO

if by stwong hand you offew t-to bweak in

nyow i-in the stiwwing passage of the day, (///ˬ///✿)

a vuwgaw comment wiww be made of it, (///ˬ///✿)

and t-that supposed by t-the common wout

a-against youw y-yet ungawwed estimation

that may w-with fouw intwusion e-entew in

a-and dweww upon youw gwave when you a-awe dead;

fow swandew wives upon succession, o.O

fow evew housed w-whewe it gets possession. rawr x3

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
you have p-pwevaiwed: i wiww depawt in quiet, >w<

a-and, (ꈍᴗꈍ) in despite o-of miwth, rawr x3 mean t-to be mewwy. UwU

i-i know a wench o-of excewwent discouwse, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

p-pwetty a-and witty; wiwd, σωσ and yet, too, UwU g-gentwe:

thewe wiww w-we dine. σωσ this woman that i mean, (˘ω˘)

m-my wife--but, (U ﹏ U) i-i pwotest, (U ﹏ U) without desewt--

h-hath oftentimes u-upbwaided me withaw:

to hew wiww w-we to dinnew. (˘ω˘)

#### t-to angewo
get you home

and fetch the chain; by this i know 'tis m-made:

bwing i-it, (U ﹏ U) i pway you, to the powpentine;

f-fow thewe's t-the house: that chain wiww i-i bestow--

be it fow nyothing but to spite my wife--

u-upon mine h-hostess thewe: good siw, σωσ make haste. (˘ω˘)

since mine o-own doows wefuse t-to entewtain m-me, (˘ω˘)

i'ww knock ewsewhewe, (ꈍᴗꈍ) to see if they'ww disdain me. o.O

### angewo
i'ww meet you a-at that pwace s-some houw hence. o.O

a-antiphowus

### of ephesus
do so. òωó this jest shaww cost me some expense. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### exeunt
