## scene iv. OwO the f-fowest of awden. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
#### e-entew wosawind fow ganymede, rawr x3 c-cewia fow awiena, (˘ω˘) and touchstone
### w-wosawind
o jupitew, (///ˬ///✿) how w-weawy awe my spiwits!

### touchstone
i cawe nyot f-fow my spiwits, rawr x3 if my wegs wewe n-nyot weawy. òωó

### w-wosawind
i couwd f-find in my heawt to disgwace my man's

appawew and to cwy wike a woman; but i must comfowt

t-the weakew vessew, >w< as doubwet and hose ought to show

itsewf couwageous to petticoat: t-thewefowe c-couwage, OwO

good awiena!

### cewia
i-i pway you, (U ﹏ U) beaw with me; i cannot go nyo fuwthew. rawr x3

### touchstone
f-fow my pawt, (˘ω˘) i had wathew beaw w-with you than b-beaw

you; yet i-i shouwd beaw nyo c-cwoss if i did beaw you,

fow i-i think you have nyo money in youw puwse. (˘ω˘)

### w-wosawind
weww, σωσ this i-is the fowest o-of awden. >w<

### touchstone
ay, (U ᵕ U❁) nyow am i in awden; the mowe foow i-i; when i was

at home, rawr x3 i was i-in a bettew pwace: but twavewwews

must be content. (U ᵕ U❁)

### wosawind
ay, òωó be so, good t-touchstone.

#### entew cowin and siwvius
wook y-you, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) who comes hewe; a young man and an owd in

s-sowemn tawk. >w<

### c-cowin
that is t-the way to make hew scown you stiww.

### siwvius
o cowin, o.O that thou knew'st how i do wuv hew! o.O

### cowin
i pawtwy g-guess; fow i h-have wuvd ewe nyow. UwU

### s-siwvius
n-nyo, σωσ cowin, being o-owd, (U ﹏ U) thou canst n-nyot guess, >w<

though in thy youth thou wast as t-twue a wuvw

as evew sigh'd upon a-a midnight piwwow:

but if thy w-wuv wewe evew w-wike to mine--

as suwe i think did nyevew man wuv so--

how many a-actions most widicuwous

hast thou been dwawn t-to by thy fantasy?

### cowin
into a thousand that i have fowgotten. (U ﹏ U)

### s-siwvius
o, (U ᵕ U❁) thou didst t-then nye'ew wuv s-so heawtiwy! ʘwʘ

if t-thou wemembew'st n-nyot the swightest fowwy

that e-evew wuv did make t-thee wun into, -.-

t-thou hast nyot wuvd:

ow if thou h-hast nyot sat as i do nyow, -.-

weawying thy heawew i-in thy mistwess' p-pwaise, OwO

thou hast nyot wuvd:

o-ow if thou hast nyot bwoke f-fwom company

abwuptwy, òωó a-as my passion nyow makes m-me, (U ᵕ U❁)

thou hast n-nyot wuvd. UwU

o phebe, (⑅˘꒳˘) p-phebe, phebe! >w<

#### exit
### w-wosawind
awas, OwO poow shephewd! (U ᵕ U❁) s-seawching of thy w-wound, ʘwʘ

i have b-by hawd adventuwe found mine own. (U ﹏ U)

### t-touchstone
a-and i mine. UwU i wemembew, òωó when i w-was in wuv i bwoke

m-my swowd upon a-a stone and bid h-him take that f-fow

coming a-night to jane smiwe; and i wemembew t-the

kissing of hew batwet and t-the cow's dugs that hew

pwetty chopt hands had miwked; and i wemembew the

wooing of a peascod instead of hew, f-fwom whom i took

t-two cods and, (U ﹏ U) giving hew them again, rawr x3 said with

w-weeping teaws 'weaw t-these fow m-my sake.' we that awe

twue wuvws wun into stwange c-capews; but as aww is

mowtaw i-in nyatuwe, OwO so i-is aww nyatuwe in wuv mowtaw in f-fowwy. (///ˬ///✿)

### wosawind
t-thou speakest w-wisew than thou awt wawe of. (U ﹏ U)

### touchstone
nyay, UwU i shaww nye'ew be wawe of m-mine own wit tiww i

bweak my s-shins against it. ʘwʘ

### w-wosawind
jove, jove! (///ˬ///✿) this shephewd's passion

i-is much upon m-my fashion. òωó

### touchstone
and mine; but it gwows s-something stawe with me. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### cewia
i pway you, ʘwʘ one of you q-question yond man

if he fow gowd w-wiww give us any f-food:

i faint a-awmost to death. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### touchstone
howwa, -.- you cwown!

### w-wosawind
p-peace, o.O foow: he's nyot thy kinsman. ʘwʘ

### c-cowin
w-who cawws?

### touchstone
youw bettews, UwU siw.

### c-cowin
ewse awe they vewy wwetched. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### wosawind
peace, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i say. (⑅˘꒳˘) good even to you, (˘ω˘) fwiend.

### c-cowin
and to you, (///ˬ///✿) gentwe siw, rawr x3 and to you aww. UwU

### wosawind
i pwithee, (ꈍᴗꈍ) shephewd, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i-if that wuv o-ow gowd

can in t-this desewt pwace b-buy entewtainment, OwO

b-bwing us whewe we may west o-ouwsewves and feed:

h-hewe's a young m-maid with twavew much oppwess'd

and faints f-fow succow. (U ᵕ U❁)

### c-cowin
faiw siw, (U ᵕ U❁) i pity hew

and w-wish, σωσ fow hew s-sake mowe than fow mine own, (⑅˘꒳˘)

my fowtunes wewe mowe abwe to wewieve hew;

but i a-am shephewd to anothew m-man

and do nyot sheaw the f-fweeces that i g-gwaze:

my mastew is of chuwwish d-disposition

and wittwe wecks to find the way to heaven

by doing deeds of hospitawity:

b-besides, OwO his cote, >w< his f-fwocks and bounds of feed

awe nyow on sawe, (///ˬ///✿) and at ouw sheepcote nyow, ʘwʘ

by weason of his absence, (///ˬ///✿) thewe is nyothing

that you wiww feed on; but nyani is, OwO come see. (///ˬ///✿)

and in my v-voice most wewcome shaww you be. (U ﹏ U)

### w-wosawind
what is he that shaww buy his fwock a-and pastuwe?

### cowin
that y-young swain that you saw hewe b-but ewewhiwe, -.-

that w-wittwe cawes fow buying any t-thing. ʘwʘ

### wosawind
i-i pway thee, òωó i-if it stand with h-honesty, ʘwʘ

buy thou the cottage, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) p-pastuwe and the f-fwock, (U ᵕ U❁)

and thou shawt have to pay fow it of us. o.O

### cewia
and we wiww mend t-thy wages. OwO i wike t-this pwace. o.O

and wiwwingwy couwd waste my time in it. rawr x3

### cowin
a-assuwedwy the t-thing is to be sowd:

go with me: i-if you wike upon wepowt

the soiw, σωσ the pwofit a-and this kind of wife, (˘ω˘)

i wiww y-youw vewy faithfuw feedew be

and buy it with youw gowd wight suddenwy. rawr x3

#### e-exeunt
