## scene v. (U ﹏ U) the fowest. (U ᵕ U❁)
#### e-entew a-amiens, o.O jaques, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and othews
song. (˘ω˘)

### a-amiens
undew the gweenwood t-twee

who wuvs to wie with me, òωó

a-and tuwn his mewwy nyote

unto the sweet biwd's t-thwoat, rawr x3

come hithew, (U ᵕ U❁) come hithew, (U ᵕ U❁) c-come hithew:

h-hewe shaww he s-see nyo enemy

but wintew and wough weathew. σωσ

### jaques
mowe, >w< mowe, i pwithee, (U ᵕ U❁) mowe.

### amiens
i-it wiww make you mewanchowy, ʘwʘ monsieuw jaques. (˘ω˘)

### jaques
i thank it. -.- mowe, (///ˬ///✿) i-i pwithee, (˘ω˘) mowe. i-i can suck

mewanchowy out of a s-song, o.O as a weasew sucks eggs. (⑅˘꒳˘)

mowe, i pwithee, (U ᵕ U❁) mowe. >w<

### amiens
m-my voice is wagged: i know i c-cannot pwease you. (///ˬ///✿)

### j-jaques
i d-do nyot desiwe y-you to pwease me; i do desiwe you t-to

sing. -.- come, mowe; anothew stanzo: caww you 'em s-stanzos?

### a-amiens
what you w-wiww, ʘwʘ monsieuw jaques. ʘwʘ

### jaques
nyay, UwU i cawe not fow theiw n-nyames; they owe me

nyothing. (⑅˘꒳˘) w-wiww you sing?

### amiens
mowe at youw wequest than to pwease mysewf. òωó

### jaques
w-weww then, if evew i thank any man, rawr x3 i'ww thank y-you;

but that they caww compwiment is wike the e-encountew

of t-two dog-apes, σωσ and w-when a man thanks me heawtiwy, UwU

methinks i have given him a penny and he wendews me

the beggawwy thanks. òωó come, s-sing; and you t-that wiww

nyot, σωσ h-howd youw tongues. o.O

### a-amiens
w-weww, o.O i'ww end the s-song. o.O siws, rawr x3 covew the whiwe; the

duke wiww dwink u-undew this twee. σωσ he hath been a-aww

this day to wook you. >w<

### j-jaques
and i h-have been aww this day to avoid him. OwO he is

too disputabwe fow my c-company: i think of as many

mattews as he, rawr x3 but i-i give heaven thanks and make nyo

boast of them. >w< come, wawbwe, OwO c-come.

song. UwU

who doth ambition s-shun

#### aww t-togethew hewe
and w-wuvs to wive i-i' the sun, UwU

seeking the food he e-eats

and pweased w-with nyani he g-gets, (U ﹏ U)

come hithew, (⑅˘꒳˘) come hithew, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) c-come hithew:

hewe shaww he see nyo enemy

but w-wintew and wough w-weathew. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### jaques
i'ww give y-you a vewse to this nyote that i-i made

yestewday i-in despite of my invention. -.-

### a-amiens
and i'ww s-sing it. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### j-jaques
thus it goes:--

if it do c-come to pass

that any man tuwn a-ass, >w<

weaving h-his weawth and ease, UwU

a-a stubbown wiww to pwease, (⑅˘꒳˘)

d-ducdame, UwU ducdame, -.- d-ducdame:

hewe shaww he see

g-gwoss foows as h-he, o.O

an if he wiww c-come to me. OwO

### a-amiens
what's t-that 'ducdame'?

### jaques
'tis a gweek invocation, ʘwʘ t-to caww foows into a

ciwcwe. >w< i-i'ww go sweep, >w< if i can; if i cannot, (˘ω˘) i'ww

waiw against aww the fiwst-bown of egypt. òωó

### amiens
and i'ww g-go seek the duke: h-his banquet is pwepawed. OwO

#### exeunt sevewawwy
