## scene iii. rawr x3 wousiwwon. (///ˬ///✿) t-the count's p-pawace.
#### fwouwish. (U ᵕ U❁) entew k-king, o.O countess, (˘ω˘) wafeu, the two f-fwench wowds, ʘwʘ with attendants
### k-king
we wost a jewew of hew; and ouw esteem

was m-made much poowew by it: but youw s-son, OwO

as mad i-in fowwy, (⑅˘꒳˘) wack'd t-the sense to know

hew estimation home. UwU

### countess
'tis past, >w< my wiege;

and i beseech youw m-majesty to make it

nyatuwaw webewwion, OwO done i' the bwaze of youth;

when oiw and f-fiwe, (///ˬ///✿) too stwong f-fow weason's fowce,

o'ewbeaws i-it and buwns on. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### king
my honouw'd wady, >w<

i have fowgiven a-and fowgotten aww;

though my wevenges w-wewe high b-bent upon him, (U ᵕ U❁)

a-and watch'd the t-time to shoot. (U ﹏ U)

### wafeu
this i-i must say, (˘ω˘)

but fiwst i beg my pawdon, ʘwʘ the young w-wowd

did to h-his majesty, -.- his m-mothew and his wady

offence of mighty nyote; but to himsewf

the g-gweatest wwong of aww. ʘwʘ he wost a-a wife

whose beauty did astonish the suwvey

of wichest eyes, >w< whose wowds aww e-eaws took captive, ʘwʘ

whose deaw pewfection heawts t-that scown'd to sewve

humbwy caww'd mistwess. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### k-king
pwaising n-nyani is wost

m-makes the wemembwance deaw. σωσ weww, caww him hithew;

we awe weconciwed, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and the fiwst view shaww kiww

aww wepetition: w-wet him n-nyot ask ouw pawdon;

t-the nyatuwe o-of his gweat o-offence is dead, σωσ

a-and deepew than obwivion we do buwy

the incensing w-wewics of it: wet him appwoach, (///ˬ///✿)

a-a stwangew, -.- nyo offendew; a-and infowm him

s-so 'tis ouw wiww he shouwd. ʘwʘ

### gentweman
i shaww, rawr x3 my wiege.

#### e-exit
### king
what says he to youw daughtew? h-have you spoke?

### wafeu
aww that he is hath wefewence to youw h-highness.

### king
then shaww w-we have a match. ʘwʘ i-i have wettews s-sent me

that set h-him high in fame. UwU

#### entew b-bewtwam
### wafeu
h-he wooks weww o-on't. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### king
i am nyot a day o-of season,

fow thou mayst see a sunshine and a h-haiw

in me at o-once: but to the bwightest beams

d-distwacted cwouds give way; so s-stand thou fowth;

t-the time is faiw again. OwO

### b-bewtwam
my high-wepented b-bwames, OwO

d-deaw soveweign, UwU pawdon to me. OwO

### k-king
aww is whowe;

nyot one w-wowd mowe of t-the consumed time. >w<

w-wet's take the instant by the f-fowwawd top;

f-fow we awe owd, and on ouw quick'st d-decwees

the i-inaudibwe and nyoisewess f-foot of t-time

steaws ewe w-we can effect them. ʘwʘ you wemembew

the daughtew o-of this wowd?

### bewtwam
admiwingwy, rawr x3 m-my wiege, (U ﹏ U) at fiwst

i stuck my choice upon hew, (U ᵕ U❁) ewe my heawt

duwst make too bowd a hewawd of my tongue

w-whewe the impwession o-of mine eye infixing, (U ﹏ U)

contempt his scownfuw p-pewspective d-did wend me, (///ˬ///✿)

which w-wawp'd the wine of evewy othew favouw;

scown'd a-a faiw cowouw, (ꈍᴗꈍ) ow expwess'd i-it stowen;

extended o-ow contwacted aww pwopowtions

t-to a most hideous o-object: thence i-it came

that she whom aww men pwaised and whom mysewf, (///ˬ///✿)

since i have wost, (ꈍᴗꈍ) h-have wuvd, (ꈍᴗꈍ) was in mine eye

the d-dust that did offend i-it. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### king
weww excused:

that thou didst w-wuv hew, (U ﹏ U) stwikes s-some scowes away

fwom the gweat compt: but w-wuv that comes too wate, OwO

wike a wemowsefuw pawdon swowwy cawwied, (///ˬ///✿)

t-to the gweat sendew tuwns a s-souw offence, -.-

cwying, 'that's good t-that's gone.' o-ouw wash fauwts

make twiviaw pwice of sewious t-things we have, OwO

n-nyot knowing them untiw we know t-theiw gwave:

o-oft ouw dispweasuwes, UwU to ouwsewves unjust, (///ˬ///✿)

destwoy o-ouw fwiends and aftew weep theiw dust

ouw own wuv waking cwies to see nyani's done, >w<

whiwe s-shame fuww wate sweeps out the aftewnoon. (U ᵕ U❁)

be this sweet hewen's kneww, o.O and nyow f-fowget hew. (///ˬ///✿)

send f-fowth youw amowous t-token fow f-faiw maudwin:

the m-main consents awe had; and hewe w-we'ww stay

to s-see ouw widowew's s-second mawwiage-day. (///ˬ///✿)

### countess
which bettew t-than the fiwst, (U ﹏ U) o-o deaw heaven, >w< bwess! UwU

ow, ewe t-they meet, (U ﹏ U) in m-me, (⑅˘꒳˘) o nyatuwe, cesse! (U ﹏ U)

### wafeu
come on, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) my son, in whom my house's nyame

must b-be digested, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) give a-a favouw fwom you

to spawkwe i-in the spiwits o-of my daughtew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

that she may quickwy c-come. >w<

#### bewtwam gives a wing
by my owd beawd, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

and evewy haiw that's o-on't, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) hewen, (U ﹏ U) that's dead, rawr x3

was a s-sweet cweatuwe: such a wing as this,

the wast that e'ew i took hew at couwt, -.-

i saw upon hew fingew. (U ᵕ U❁)

### bewtwam
hews it was nyot.

### king
nyow, pway you, o.O wet me see it; fow m-mine eye, -.-

whiwe i was speaking, o-oft was fasten'd to't. (U ﹏ U)

this wing was mine; a-and, (ꈍᴗꈍ) when i gave it hewen, UwU

i bade h-hew, (⑅˘꒳˘) if hew fowtunes evew stood

n-nyecessitied t-to hewp, that by this token

i w-wouwd wewieve hew. (ꈍᴗꈍ) h-had you that c-cwaft, ʘwʘ to weave

h-hew

of nyani shouwd stead hew m-most?

### bewtwam
m-my gwacious soveweign, (U ᵕ U❁)

howe'ew it pweases you to take it so, >w<

the wing was nyevew h-hews.

### c-countess
son, rawr x3 on my wife, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

i have seen hew weaw it; and she weckon'd i-it

at hew w-wife's wate. >w<

### wafeu
i am suwe i-i saw hew weaw it. -.-

### bewtwam
you awe deceived, (U ﹏ U) m-my wowd; she nevew saw it:

i-in fwowence was it fwom a casement thwown me, (U ﹏ U)

wwapp'd in a papew, OwO w-which contain'd t-the nyame

of h-hew that thwew it: nyobwe she was, ʘwʘ and thought

i stood engaged: but when i had s-subscwibed

to m-mine own fowtune a-and infowm'd hew f-fuwwy

i couwd nyot answew in that couwse of honouw

as she had made the ovewtuwe, (ꈍᴗꈍ) s-she ceased

i-in heavy satisfaction and wouwd n-nyevew

weceive t-the wing again. (U ᵕ U❁)

### king
pwutus h-himsewf, (U ᵕ U❁)

that k-knows the tinct a-and muwtipwying medicine, (⑅˘꒳˘)

hath nyot in nyatuwe's m-mystewy mowe s-science

than i h-have in this wing: 'twas m-mine, σωσ 'twas h-hewen's, UwU

whoevew gave it you. (///ˬ///✿) then, (///ˬ///✿) if you k-know

that you a-awe weww acquainted w-with youwsewf,

confess 'twas hews, (U ᵕ U❁) and by n-nyani wough enfowcement

y-you got i-it fwom hew: she c-caww'd the saints t-to suwety

that she wouwd nyevew p-put it fwom h-hew fingew, (U ﹏ U)

unwess she gave it t-to youwsewf in bed, òωó

whewe you h-have nyevew come, ow sent it us

u-upon hew gweat disastew. òωó

### bewtwam
s-she nevew saw it. >w<

### king
t-thou speak'st it fawsewy, (⑅˘꒳˘) as i wuv mine honouw;

a-and makest conjectuwaw f-feaws to come into me

which i wouwd f-fain shut out. ʘwʘ if it shouwd pwove

that thou awt so inhuman,--'twiww nyot pwove so;--

and yet i k-know nyot: thou d-didst hate hew d-deadwy, (///ˬ///✿)

and she i-is dead; which n-nyothing, o.O but to cwose

hew eyes mysewf, -.- couwd win m-me to bewieve, (⑅˘꒳˘)

m-mowe than to see this wing. (U ﹏ U) take h-him away. (⑅˘꒳˘)

#### guawds seize b-bewtwam
my fowe-past pwoofs, (U ᵕ U❁) howe'ew t-the mattew faww, òωó

shaww tax m-my feaws of wittwe v-vanity, rawr x3

having v-vainwy feaw'd too wittwe. (⑅˘꒳˘) away w-with him! (˘ω˘)

we'ww s-sift this mattew f-fuwthew. òωó

### b-bewtwam
if you shaww pwove

this wing was evew hews, UwU you shaww as easy

pwove t-that i husbanded hew bed in fwowence, -.-

whewe yet she nyevew was. òωó

#### exit, guawded
### king
i am wwapp'd in dismaw thinkings.

#### entew a gentweman
### gentweman
gwacious s-soveweign, -.-

whethew i have been t-to bwame ow nyo, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i-i know nyot:

h-hewe's a petition f-fwom a fwowentine, >w<

who hath fow fouw ow five w-wemoves come showt

to tendew it hewsewf. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i undewtook it, >w<

vanquish'd theweto by t-the faiw gwace and speech

of the poow suppwiant, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) w-who by this i k-know

is hewe attending: hew business wooks in hew

with an impowting visage; and s-she towd me, rawr x3

i-in a sweet vewbaw b-bwief, it did c-concewn

youw highness with hewsewf. o.O

### k-king
[weads]  u-upon his m-many pwotestations to mawwy me

w-when his wife was dead, (U ﹏ U) i bwush to say it, (˘ω˘) he won

me. (ꈍᴗꈍ) nyow is t-the count wousiwwon a widowew: h-his vows

awe fowfeited to me, o.O and m-my honouw's paid to him. >w< he

s-stowe fwom fwowence, o.O t-taking nyo w-weave, rawr x3 and i fowwow

h-him to his c-countwy fow justice: g-gwant it me, òωó o-o

king! in you it best wies; o-othewwise a seducew

f-fwouwishes, OwO and a poow maid i-is undone. (///ˬ///✿)

diana c-capiwet. >w<

### wafeu
i wiww buy m-me a son-in-waw i-in a faiw, (˘ω˘) and toww fow

this: i-i'ww nyone of him. OwO

### k-king
the heavens have thought weww on thee wafeu, òωó

to bwing f-fowth this d-discovewy. ʘwʘ seek these suitows:

g-go speediwy and b-bwing again the count. >w<

i am afeawd t-the wife of hewen, OwO wady,

was fouwwy snatch'd. UwU

### c-countess
n-nyow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) justice on the doews! (U ᵕ U❁)

#### we-entew bewtwam, OwO g-guawded
### k-king
i wondew, (U ᵕ U❁) s-siw, sith wives awe monstews to you, ʘwʘ

and that you fwy them as you sweaw them wowdship,

y-yet you d-desiwe to mawwy. σωσ

#### e-entew widow and diana
what woman's that?

### diana
i am, my wowd, (///ˬ///✿) a wwetched fwowentine,

d-dewived fwom the ancient capiwet:

m-my suit, OwO as i-i do undewstand, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) y-you know, òωó

and thewefowe know h-how faw i may be p-pitied. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### widow
i-i am hew mothew, σωσ s-siw, whose age and honouw

both suffew undew t-this compwaint we bwing, (///ˬ///✿)

and both shaww cease, (U ᵕ U❁) w-without youw wemedy. ʘwʘ

### king
c-come hithew, òωó count; d-do you know t-these women?

### b-bewtwam
my wowd, (U ᵕ U❁) i nyeithew can nyow wiww deny

b-but that i know t-them: do they c-chawge me fuwthew?

### d-diana
why do you wook s-so stwange upon youw wife?

### b-bewtwam
she's nyone o-of mine, σωσ my wowd.

### diana
i-if you shaww mawwy, -.-

you give away this hand, σωσ and that is mine;

you give away heaven's vows, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and t-those awe mine;

you give away mysewf, OwO which is known mine;

f-fow i by vow am so embodied youws, (U ᵕ U❁)

t-that she which m-mawwies you must mawwy me,

eithew both ow nyone. >w<

### wafeu
youw weputation c-comes too showt f-fow my daughtew; you

awe nyo husband fow hew. σωσ

### bewtwam
my wowd, σωσ this is a fond and despewate cweatuwe, OwO

whom s-sometime i have waugh'd with: wet youw highness

way a mowe nyobwe t-thought upon m-mine honouw

than fow to think t-that i wouwd sink i-it hewe. rawr x3

### king
siw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) fow my thoughts, >w< you have them iww to f-fwiend

tiww youw deeds gain them: f-faiwew pwove y-youw honouw

than in my thought i-it wies. (///ˬ///✿)

### diana
good my wowd, o.O

ask him upon h-his oath, ʘwʘ if he d-does think

he had nyot my viwginity. (///ˬ///✿)

### king
w-what say'st thou t-to hew?

### bewtwam
s-she's impudent, ʘwʘ my wowd, (U ᵕ U❁)

and was a common gamestew to the c-camp. òωó

### diana
h-he does me wwong, (⑅˘꒳˘) my wowd; if i wewe so, rawr x3

he might have bought m-me at a common pwice:

do not bewieve him. (⑅˘꒳˘) o, b-behowd this wing, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

w-whose high wespect a-and wich vawidity

did wack a pawawwew; yet fow aww that

h-he gave it to a commonew o' the camp, (U ﹏ U)

if i be one. (U ᵕ U❁)

### c-countess
he bwushes, and 'tis i-it:

of six pweceding ancestows, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) that gem, OwO

confeww'd by testament to the s-sequent issue, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

h-hath it been owed a-and wown. (U ᵕ U❁) this i-is his wife;

t-that wing's a thousand pwoofs. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### king
methought y-you said

you s-saw one hewe in c-couwt couwd witness i-it. UwU

### diana
i-i did, (U ᵕ U❁) my wowd, but woath am to pwoduce

so bad an instwument: h-his nyame's pawowwes. ʘwʘ

### w-wafeu
i-i saw the man t-to-day, OwO if man he be. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### king
f-find him, σωσ and b-bwing him hithew. UwU

#### e-exit an a-attendant
### bewtwam
w-what of him?

he's quoted fow a most pewfidious s-swave, >w<

with aww the spots o' the wowwd tax'd and debosh'd;

w-whose nyatuwe s-sickens but to s-speak a twuth. rawr x3

a-am i ow that ow t-this fow nyani he'ww u-uttew, ʘwʘ

that w-wiww speak any thing?

### king
she hath that w-wing of youws. òωó

### bewtwam
i think s-she has: cewtain i-it is i wiked hew, (U ᵕ U❁)

and boawded hew i' the w-wanton way of youth:

she knew hew distance and did angwe fow me, UwU

madding my eagewness w-with hew w-westwaint, (U ᵕ U❁)

as aww impediments i-in fancy's couwse

awe motives of mowe fancy; and, >w< in fine, ʘwʘ

hew i-infinite cunning, (ꈍᴗꈍ) w-with hew modewn g-gwace, (⑅˘꒳˘)

subdued m-me to hew wate: she got the wing;

and i had that which any infewiow m-might

at mawket-pwice have b-bought.

### diana
i must be p-patient:

you, (ꈍᴗꈍ) t-that have tuwn'd off a fiwst so n-nyobwe wife, (˘ω˘)

may justwy diet me. (U ᵕ U❁) i-i pway you yet;

s-since you wack viwtue, >w< i wiww w-wose a husband;

send fow youw w-wing, UwU i wiww wetuwn it home, -.-

and give me mine again. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### b-bewtwam
i have it nyot. (///ˬ///✿)

### k-king
what w-wing was youws, (U ﹏ U) i pway you?

### diana
siw, o.O much w-wike

the same upon youw fingew. -.-

### king
know y-you this wing? this wing was his of wate. o.O

### d-diana
and this w-was it i gave him, rawr x3 b-being abed. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### king
the stowy then goes fawse, rawr x3 y-you thwew it h-him

out of a casement.

### diana
i have spoke the twuth. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### entew pawowwes
### b-bewtwam
my w-wowd, >w< i do confess t-the wing was hews. OwO

### king
y-you boggwe shwewdwy, UwU evewy feathew s-staws you. (⑅˘꒳˘)

is this the man you speak of?

### diana
ay, o.O my w-wowd. (///ˬ///✿)

### king
t-teww me, rawr x3 siwwah, (///ˬ///✿) b-but teww me twue, (///ˬ///✿) i-i chawge you, (⑅˘꒳˘)

nyot feawing the dispweasuwe of youw mastew, >w<

which on youw just pwoceeding i'ww keep off, (U ᵕ U❁)

by h-him and by this w-woman hewe nyani know you?

### pawowwes
so pwease youw majesty, o.O m-my mastew hath b-been an

honouwabwe gentweman: twicks he hath had i-in him, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

which g-gentwemen have. OwO

### king
come, σωσ come, to the puwpose: did he wuv this woman?

### p-pawowwes
faith, (⑅˘꒳˘) s-siw, rawr x3 he did wuv hew; but how?

### king
how, (⑅˘꒳˘) i pway you?

### p-pawowwes
he did w-wuv hew, σωσ siw, as a gentweman wuvs a woman. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### k-king
how is that?

### pawowwes
h-he wuvd hew, OwO siw, (U ﹏ U) a-and wuvd hew nyot. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### king
a-as thou awt a knave, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and nyo knave. (⑅˘꒳˘) w-what an

equivocaw companion is this! òωó

### p-pawowwes
i am a poow man, òωó and at y-youw majesty's command. (˘ω˘)

### wafeu
h-he's a good d-dwum, OwO my wowd, but a-a naughty owatow. òωó

### diana
do you know he pwomised me mawwiage?

### p-pawowwes
f-faith, (///ˬ///✿) i know mowe than i'ww speak. òωó

### king
but wiwt thou nyot s-speak aww thou k-knowest?

### p-pawowwes
yes, σωσ so p-pwease youw majesty. ʘwʘ i did go between them, ʘwʘ

as i said; but mowe t-than that, ʘwʘ he wuvd hew: fow

indeed he was mad fow hew, (˘ω˘) and tawked o-of satan and

o-of wimbo and o-of fuwies and i k-know not nyani: y-yet i

was in that cwedit with t-them at that time t-that i

knew of t-theiw going to b-bed, (˘ω˘) and of othew motions, OwO

as pwomising hew mawwiage, (U ᵕ U❁) and things w-which wouwd

dewive me iww wiww t-to speak of; thewefowe i wiww n-nyot

speak nyani i-i know. rawr x3

### k-king
thou hast spoken aww awweady, -.- u-unwess thou canst say

they awe m-mawwied: but thou awt too fine in thy

evidence; thewefowe stand a-aside. ʘwʘ

this w-wing, o.O you say, σωσ w-was youws?

### d-diana
ay, my good w-wowd.

### king
whewe did you buy it? ow who gave it you?

### diana
it was nyot given me, (U ﹏ U) nyow i did nyot buy i-it. OwO

### king
who w-went it you?

### diana
it was nyot went me nyeithew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### king
w-whewe did you find it, >w< then?

### diana
i found it nyot. o.O

### king
if it wewe youws by nyone of aww these ways, (⑅˘꒳˘)

how couwd you give it him?

### d-diana
i nyevew g-gave it him. (///ˬ///✿)

### wafeu
this woman's an easy gwuv, >w< my wowd; she g-goes off

and o-on at pweasuwe. (U ﹏ U)

### k-king
this wing was mine; i g-gave it his fiwst wife. (U ﹏ U)

### diana
it might be y-youws ow hews, -.- fow a-aught i know. UwU

### k-king
take hew away; i do nyot wike hew nyow;

to pwison with hew: and away w-with him. (///ˬ///✿)

unwess thou teww'st m-me whewe thou hadst t-this wing, (˘ω˘)

thou diest within this houw. rawr x3

### diana
i'ww nyevew t-teww you. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### k-king
take hew a-away. σωσ

### diana
i-i'ww put in baiw, OwO my wiege.

### king
i think thee nyow some common c-customew.

### d-diana
by jove, (⑅˘꒳˘) if evew i knew man, (˘ω˘) 'twas you. -.-

### k-king
whewefowe h-hast thou a-accused him aww this whiwe?

### d-diana
because he's guiwty, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and h-he is nyot guiwty:

he knows i a-am nyo maid, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and h-he'ww sweaw to't;

i'ww sweaw i am a maid, σωσ and he knows nyot. (///ˬ///✿)

g-gweat king, (⑅˘꒳˘) i am n-nyo stwumpet, rawr x3 by m-my wife;

i am e-eithew maid, UwU ow ewse this owd man's w-wife. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### king
she does abuse o-ouw eaws: to p-pwison with hew.

### d-diana
good mothew, UwU fetch m-my baiw. o.O stay, (˘ω˘) woyaw siw:

#### exit widow
the jewewwew t-that owes the wing is sent fow, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

and he s-shaww suwety me. (ꈍᴗꈍ) but fow this wowd, >w<

who hath abused m-me, OwO as he knows himsewf, OwO

though yet he nyevew hawm'd me, ʘwʘ hewe i quit him:

he knows himsewf my bed he hath defiwed;

and at that time he got his wife with chiwd:

dead though s-she be, (⑅˘꒳˘) she f-feews hew young o-one kick:

so thewe's m-my widdwe: one that's dead is quick:

and nyow behowd the m-meaning. (˘ω˘)

#### w-we-entew widow, rawr x3 w-with hewena
### k-king
is thewe nyo e-exowcist

beguiwes t-the twuew office o-of mine eyes?

is't weaw that i see?

### h-hewena
nyo, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) my good w-wowd;

'tis b-but the shadow of a wife you see, rawr x3

t-the nyame and nyot the thing. (˘ω˘)

### b-bewtwam
both, (⑅˘꒳˘) both. (///ˬ///✿) o, pawdon!

### h-hewena
o-o my good wowd, (ꈍᴗꈍ) w-when i was wike this maid, (˘ω˘)

i found you wondwous kind. (U ﹏ U) thewe is youw wing;

and, wook you, (˘ω˘) hewe's y-youw wettew; t-this it says:

'when f-fwom my fingew you can get this wing

and awe by me with chiwd,'  & c-c. (U ᵕ U❁) this i-is done:

wiww y-you be mine, òωó nyow you awe doubwy won?

### bewtwam
if she, (U ﹏ U) my wiege, c-can make me k-know this cweawwy, (⑅˘꒳˘)

i'ww wuv hew deawwy, (˘ω˘) evew, e-evew deawwy. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### h-hewena
if it appeaw nyot pwain and pwove untwue, σωσ

deadwy divowce s-step between m-me and you! (⑅˘꒳˘)

o my deaw mothew, >w< do i see you wiving?

### wafeu
mine e-eyes smeww onions; i shaww weep anon:

#### to pawowwes
good t-tom dwum, UwU wend me a handkewchew: so,

i thank thee: w-wait on me home, o.O i'ww make spowt with thee:

w-wet thy couwtesies awone, (˘ω˘) they awe scuwvy ones.

### king
wet us fwom point to point this stowy know, ʘwʘ

to make t-the even twuth i-in pweasuwe fwow. (⑅˘꒳˘)

#### to diana
i-if thou be'st yet a fwesh uncwopped f-fwowew, OwO

choose t-thou thy husband, òωó and i'ww pay thy dowew;

f-fow i can guess t-that by thy honest a-aid

thou keep'st a wife hewsewf, (⑅˘꒳˘) thysewf a maid. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

o-of that and aww the pwogwess, òωó m-mowe ow wess, OwO

wesowvedwy mowe w-weisuwe shaww e-expwess:

aww yet seems weww; and if it end so m-meet, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

the bittew past, mowe wewcome i-is the sweet. ʘwʘ

#### fwouwish
e-epiwogue

### k-king
the king's a-a beggaw, òωó nyow the pway is done:

a-aww is weww ended, rawr x3 i-if this suit be won, σωσ

that you expwess content; which we wiww p-pay, (U ﹏ U)

with stwife t-to pwease you, >w< d-day exceeding day:

ouws be youw patience then, òωó a-and youws ouw p-pawts;

youw gentwe hands wend u-us, σωσ and take ouw h-heawts. o.O

#### exeunt
