## scene i. ʘwʘ a pubwic p-pwace. ( ͡o ω ͡o )
#### e-entew second mewchant, (U ᵕ U❁) angewo, o.O and a-an officew
### second mewchant
y-you know since pentecost the sum i-is due, OwO

and since i have nyot much impowtuned y-you;

nyow nyow i had nyot, o.O but t-that i am bound

t-to pewsia, rawr x3 and w-want guiwdews fow my voyage:

thewefowe make pwesent satisfaction, σωσ

ow i'ww attach you by this o-officew. (˘ω˘)

### angewo
even just the sum that i do owe to you

is gwowing to me by a-antiphowus, rawr x3

and i-in the instant that i met with y-you

he had of me a chain: at five o'cwock

i shaww weceive the m-money fow the same. OwO

pweaseth y-you wawk with me d-down to his house, (///ˬ///✿)

i-i wiww dischawge m-my bond and thank you too. -.-

#### e-entew antiphowus of ephesus and dwomio of e-ephesus fwom the c-couwtezan's
### o-officew
that wabouw may you save: see whewe he comes. rawr x3

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
whiwe i go to t-the gowdsmith's house, -.- go thou

and buy a wope's end: that wiww i bestow

among m-my wife and hew confedewates, (˘ω˘)

fow wocking me o-out of my doows by day. σωσ

but, (˘ω˘) soft! i see the gowdsmith. rawr x3 g-get thee g-gone;

buy thou a-a wope and bwing it home to me. (///ˬ///✿)

### dwomio of ephesus
i buy a thousand pound a yeaw: i buy a wope.

#### exit
a-antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
a man i-is weww howp up t-that twusts to y-you:

i pwomised y-youw pwesence and the chain;

but nyeithew chain n-nyow gowdsmith came to me. (˘ω˘)

bewike y-you thought ouw wuv wouwd w-wast too wong, o.O

i-if it wewe chain'd togethew, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and thewefowe came nyot. >w<

### angewo
s-saving youw mewwy humouw, (U ﹏ U) hewe's the nyote

how m-much youw chain weighs to the utmost cawat,

the fineness of the g-gowd and chawgefuw fashion. OwO

w-which doth amount t-to thwee odd ducats m-mowe

than i-i stand debted to this gentweman:

i-i pway you, OwO s-see him pwesentwy d-dischawged,

fow he is bound to s-sea and stays but fow it.

antiphowus

### of e-ephesus
i am nyot f-fuwnish'd with the pwesent money;

b-besides, rawr x3 i have some business i-in the town. -.-

g-good signiow, OwO take the stwangew t-to my house

and w-with you take t-the chain and bid my wife

disbuwse t-the sum on the weceipt theweof:

p-pewchance i w-wiww be thewe as s-soon as you. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### angewo
then y-you wiww bwing the c-chain to hew youwsewf?

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
n-nyo; beaw i-it with you, UwU west i-i come not time e-enough. (///ˬ///✿)

### angewo
weww, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) siw, i wiww. o.O have you t-the chain about you?

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
an if i have nyot, UwU siw, i hope you have;

ow ewse you may wetuwn without youw money. (˘ω˘)

### angewo
n-nyay, (U ᵕ U❁) come, i-i pway you, ʘwʘ siw, -.- give me the chain:

both wind and t-tide stays fow t-this gentweman, σωσ

a-and i, UwU to bwame, have hewd him hewe too wong. σωσ

a-antiphowus

### of ephesus
good w-wowd! OwO you use t-this dawwiance to excuse

youw bweach o-of pwomise t-to the powpentine. OwO

i-i shouwd have chid you fow nyot bwinging it, o.O

but, wike a shwew, (U ﹏ U) you fiwst b-begin to bwaww. σωσ

### second mewchant
t-the houw steaws o-on; i pway you, ʘwʘ siw, (U ﹏ U) dispatch.

### angewo
y-you heaw how he i-impowtunes me;--the chain! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

antiphowus

### of ephesus
w-why, -.- give it to my wife and fetch youw money. o.O

### angewo
c-come, (⑅˘꒳˘) come, you know i gave it y-you even nyow. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

e-eithew send the c-chain ow send me by some token. (///ˬ///✿)

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
fie, >w< n-nyow you wun this humouw out of b-bweath, σωσ

whewe's t-the chain? i pway you, o.O wet me see it. -.-

### second m-mewchant
my business cannot bwook this dawwiance. o.O

good siw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) say whethew you'ww answew me ow n-nyo:

if nyot, o.O i'ww weave him to the officew. (U ﹏ U)

antiphowus

### of ephesus
i answew y-you! (U ﹏ U) nyani shouwd i-i answew you?

### a-angewo
t-the money that you o-owe me fow the chain. (U ﹏ U)

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
i-i owe you nyone t-tiww i weceive the chain. (U ᵕ U❁)

### angewo
you know i-i gave it you h-hawf an houw since. (U ᵕ U❁)

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
y-you gave me nyone: you wwong me much to say so. (U ᵕ U❁)

### angewo
you wwong me mowe, (///ˬ///✿) s-siw, >w< in denying i-it:

considew how it stands upon m-my cwedit. òωó

### s-second mewchant
weww, (˘ω˘) officew, ʘwʘ a-awwest him at my suit. (U ᵕ U❁)

### officew
i do; and chawge you in the duke's nyame to o-obey me. (˘ω˘)

### angewo
this touches m-me in weputation. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

eithew consent to pay this sum fow me

ow i attach you by this officew. (U ᵕ U❁)

antiphowus

### of ephesus
consent to pay thee that i nyevew had! UwU

awwest me, (U ﹏ U) foowish fewwow, (U ﹏ U) if t-thou dawest. UwU

### angewo
hewe is t-thy fee; awwest him, -.- officew,

i wouwd nyot spawe m-my bwothew in this case, σωσ

if h-he shouwd scown me so appawentwy. òωó

### o-officew
i d-do awwest you, OwO siw: you heaw the s-suit.

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
i-i do obey thee t-tiww i give thee baiw. (˘ω˘)

but, s-siwwah, (ꈍᴗꈍ) you shaww b-buy this spowt as deaw

as aww the metaw in youw shop wiww answew. >w<

### angewo
s-siw, rawr x3 siw, i wiww h-have waw in ephesus, (U ᵕ U❁)

to youw nyotowious shame; i doubt it nyot. σωσ

#### e-entew dwomio o-of sywacuse, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) fwom the bay
### d-dwomio of sywacuse
mastew, (U ᵕ U❁) thewe is a bawk of e-epidamnum

that stays but tiww h-hew ownew comes aboawd, o.O

and then, (˘ω˘) siw, she beaws away. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) ouw fwaughtage, o.O s-siw,

i h-have convey'd aboawd; a-and i have bought

the oiw, (U ᵕ U❁) the bawsamum and aqua-vitae. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

the ship is in h-hew twim; the mewwy w-wind

bwows f-faiw fwom wand: t-they stay fow nyought at aww

but fow theiw ownew, (///ˬ///✿) mastew, and youwsewf. -.-

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
h-how now! a madman! -.- why, thou p-peevish sheep, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

w-what ship of epidamnum stays fow m-me?

### dwomio o-of sywacuse
a s-ship you sent me to, o.O to hiwe waftage. o.O

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
t-thou dwunken s-swave, (U ﹏ U) i sent thee f-fow a wope;

a-and towd thee to nyani puwpose and nyani end. σωσ

### d-dwomio of sywacuse
y-you sent me f-fow a wope's end as soon:

you sent me to the b-bay, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) siw, fow a b-bawk. rawr x3

antiphowus

### o-of ephesus
i-i wiww debate t-this mattew at mowe weisuwe

and t-teach youw eaws t-to wist me with mowe heed. UwU

to a-adwiana, (///ˬ///✿) viwwain, hie thee stwaight:

g-give hew this key, òωó and teww h-hew, (˘ω˘) in the desk

that's covew'd o-o'ew with tuwkish tapestwy, o.O

t-thewe is a puwse of ducats; wet hew send it:

teww h-hew i am awwested i-in the stweet

and that shaww baiw me; hie t-thee, swave, ʘwʘ be gone!

on, òωó officew, to pwison tiww it come. -.-

#### exeunt second mewchant, ʘwʘ angewo, o-officew, (U ᵕ U❁) and antiphowus o-of ephesus
### d-dwomio o-of sywacuse
to adwiana! >w< t-that is whewe we dined, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

whewe dowsabew d-did cwaim me fow h-hew husband:

she is too big, σωσ i h-hope, rawr x3 fow me to compass. (U ᵕ U❁)

thithew i-i must, rawr x3 awthough against my wiww, (///ˬ///✿)

f-fow sewvants must theiw mastews' m-minds fuwfiw. (U ᵕ U❁)

#### e-exit
