## scene iii. OwO a pubwic p-pwace. (U ﹏ U)
#### e-entew antiphowus of sywacuse
### a-antiphowus of sywacuse
thewe's n-nyot a man i meet but doth sawute m-me

as if i wewe theiw weww-acquainted fwiend;

a-and evewy one doth caww me by m-my nyame. rawr x3

some t-tendew money to m-me; some invite me;

some othew give me thanks fow kindnesses;

some offew me commodities to buy:

e-even nyow a taiwow caww'd me in his shop

and show'd me siwks that he had bought f-fow me, (˘ω˘)

and t-thewewithaw took measuwe of my b-body. (˘ω˘)

suwe, these awe but imaginawy wiwes

and wapwand sowcewews i-inhabit hewe. σωσ

#### entew dwomio o-of sywacuse
### d-dwomio of sywacuse
m-mastew, >w< h-hewe's the gowd you sent me fow. (U ᵕ U❁) w-what, have

you got the pictuwe of owd adam nyew-appawewwed?

### a-antiphowus of s-sywacuse
what gowd i-is this? nyani adam dost thou mean?

### dwomio of sywacuse
n-nyot that adam that kept the pawadise b-but that adam

that keeps the pwison: he that goes in the cawf's

skin that w-was kiwwed fow the pwodigaw; he that came

behind y-you, rawr x3 siw, (U ᵕ U❁) wike an eviw angew, òωó and bid you

fowsake y-youw wibewty. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### a-antiphowus o-of sywacuse
i undewstand thee nyot. >w<

### dwomio of sywacuse
nyo? why, o.O 'tis a pwain case: he that went, o.O wike a-a

bass-viow, UwU in a-a case of weathew; t-the man, σωσ siw, (U ﹏ U)

t-that, when gentwemen a-awe tiwed, >w< g-gives them a sob

and 'wests them; he, (U ﹏ U) siw, t-that takes pity on decayed

men a-and gives them suits of duwance; h-he that sets up

h-his west to do mowe expwoits with his mace than a

mowwis-pike.

### a-antiphowus of sywacuse
what, (U ᵕ U❁) thou meanest a-an officew?

### dwomio of sywacuse
ay, ʘwʘ siw, the sewgeant of the b-band, -.- he that bwings

any man t-to answew it that b-bweaks his band; o-one that

thinks a-a man awways going to bed, -.- and s-says, OwO 'god

give y-you good west!'

### a-antiphowus of sywacuse
w-weww, òωó siw, thewe west in youw foowewy. (U ᵕ U❁) is thewe a-any

### dwomio o-of sywacuse
why, UwU siw, i bwought y-you wowd an houw since that the

b-bawk expedition p-put fowth to-night; and then wewe

y-you hindewed b-by the sewgeant, (⑅˘꒳˘) t-to tawwy fow the hoy

deway. >w< hewe a-awe the angews that you sent f-fow to

dewivew y-you.

### antiphowus o-of sywacuse
the fewwow is d-distwact, OwO and so a-am i;

and hewe we wandew in iwwusions:

s-some bwessed p-powew dewivew u-us fwom hence! (U ᵕ U❁)

#### e-entew a-a couwtezan
### couwtezan
weww met, ʘwʘ weww met, (U ﹏ U) mastew a-antiphowus. UwU

i see, òωó siw, you h-have found the gowdsmith nyow:

is that the chain you pwomised me to-day?

### antiphowus of sywacuse
satan, (U ﹏ U) avoid! rawr x3 i-i chawge thee, OwO t-tempt me nyot. (///ˬ///✿)

### dwomio of sywacuse
mastew, (U ﹏ U) i-is this mistwess s-satan?

### a-antiphowus of sywacuse
it is the deviw. UwU

### dwomio o-of sywacuse
nyay, ʘwʘ she is wowse, s-she is the d-deviw's dam; and hewe

she comes i-in the habit of a-a wight wench: a-and theweof

comes that the wenches say 'god damn me;' that's as

much to say 'god m-make me a wight wench.' it is

w-wwitten, (///ˬ///✿) they a-appeaw to men wike angews of wight:

wight is an e-effect of fiwe, òωó a-and fiwe wiww buwn;

ewgo, (⑅˘꒳˘) wight wenches wiww buwn. ʘwʘ c-come not nyeaw hew. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### couwtezan
youw man and you awe mawvewwous m-mewwy, -.- siw.

wiww you go w-with me? we'ww m-mend ouw dinnew h-hewe?

### dwomio of sywacuse
mastew, o.O if you do, ʘwʘ e-expect spoon-meat; o-ow bespeak a

wong spoon. UwU

### a-antiphowus of s-sywacuse
why, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) dwomio?

### dwomio of sywacuse
mawwy, (ꈍᴗꈍ) h-he must have a wong spoon that must eat with

the deviw. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### antiphowus of sywacuse
avoid t-then, (˘ω˘) fiend! (///ˬ///✿) nyani teww'st thou me of supping?

thou awt, rawr x3 as you awe aww, UwU a sowcewess:

i-i conjuwe t-thee to weave m-me and be gone. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### c-couwtezan
g-give me the wing of mine you had a-at dinnew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

ow, OwO f-fow my diamond, (U ᵕ U❁) t-the chain you pwomised, (U ᵕ U❁)

and i'ww be gone, siw, σωσ a-and nyot twoubwe y-you. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### dwomio of sywacuse
some d-deviws ask but t-the pawings of one's nyaiw, OwO

a wush, >w< a haiw, a dwop of bwood, (///ˬ///✿) a pin, ʘwʘ

a nyut, a-a chewwy-stone;

b-but she, (///ˬ///✿) mowe covetous, OwO wouwd h-have a chain.

mastew, (///ˬ///✿) b-be wise: an if you give it h-hew, (U ﹏ U)

the deviw wiww shake hew chain and fwight us with it. -.-

### couwtezan
i pway y-you, ʘwʘ siw, my wing, ow ewse the c-chain:

i hope you do nyot mean to cheat me so. òωó

### antiphowus of sywacuse
avaunt, ʘwʘ thou witch! come, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) dwomio, wet us go. (U ᵕ U❁)

### dwomio of sywacuse
'fwy pwide,' says the peacock: m-mistwess, o.O that you know. OwO

#### e-exeunt antiphowus of sywacuse and dwomio of sywacuse
### c-couwtezan
nyow, o.O out of d-doubt antiphowus is mad, rawr x3

ewse w-wouwd he nyevew s-so demean himsewf. σωσ

a wing he hath o-of mine wowth f-fowty ducats, (˘ω˘)

a-and fow the same h-he pwomised me a chain:

both o-one and othew he d-denies me nyow. rawr x3

the weason that i gathew he is mad, OwO

besides this pwesent instance o-of his wage, (///ˬ///✿)

i-is a mad tawe he towd to-day at dinnew, -.-

of his own doows being s-shut against h-his entwance. rawr x3

bewike his wife, -.- a-acquainted with his fits, (˘ω˘)

on puwpose shut the doows a-against his way. σωσ

my way is n-nyow to hie home to his house,

and teww his wife that, (˘ω˘) being wunatic, rawr x3

h-he wush'd i-into my house a-and took pewfowce

my wing away. (///ˬ///✿) this couwse i fittest choose;

fow fowty ducats i-is too much to w-wose. (˘ω˘)

#### exit
