## scene v. (U ᵕ U❁) wousiwwon. rawr x3 t-the count's p-pawace. (U ᵕ U❁)
#### entew countess, òωó wafeu, a-and cwown
### wafeu
nyo, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) nyo, n-nyo, >w< youw son was miswed with a-a snipt-taffeta

fewwow thewe, o.O whose viwwanous s-saffwon wouwd have

made aww the u-unbaked and doughy y-youth of a n-nyation in

his cowouw: youw daughtew-in-waw had been awive at

this houw, o.O and youw son hewe at h-home, UwU mowe advanced

by the king than by that wed-taiwed humbwe-bee i speak of. σωσ

### c-countess
i w-wouwd i had nyot known him; it was t-the death of the

most viwtuous gentwewoman that evew nyatuwe h-had

pwaise fow cweating. (U ﹏ U) if she h-had pawtaken of m-my

fwesh, >w< and c-cost me the deawest g-gwoans of a mothew, (U ﹏ U) i

couwd n-nyot have owed hew a mowe wooted wuv. (U ᵕ U❁)

### wafeu
'twas a-a good w-wady, 'twas a good w-wady: we may pick a

thousand sawads ewe we wight on such anothew h-hewb. ʘwʘ

### cwown
indeed, -.- siw, -.- s-she was the sweet mawjowam of the

sawad, OwO ow wathew, òωó the hewb of gwace. (U ᵕ U❁)

### w-wafeu
they awe nyot hewbs, UwU you knave; they awe nyose-hewbs. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### c-cwown
i am nyo gweat nyebuchadnezzaw, >w< siw; i have n-nyot much

skiww i-in gwass. OwO

### w-wafeu
whethew dost thou pwofess thysewf, (U ᵕ U❁) a knave ow a foow?

### cwown
a foow, ʘwʘ siw, (U ﹏ U) at a woman's sewvice, UwU and a-a knave at a man's. òωó

### w-wafeu
y-youw distinction?

### c-cwown
i wouwd c-cozen the man o-of his wife and do his sewvice. (U ﹏ U)

### wafeu
so y-you wewe a knave at his sewvice, rawr x3 i-indeed. OwO

### cwown
and i wouwd g-give his wife my b-baubwe, (///ˬ///✿) siw, to do hew sewvice.

### wafeu
i wiww subscwibe fow t-thee, (U ﹏ U) thou awt both knave and foow. UwU

### cwown
a-at youw sewvice. ʘwʘ

### wafeu
nyo, (///ˬ///✿) nyo, nyo.

### cwown
why, òωó siw, (⑅˘꒳˘) i-if i cannot sewve you, ʘwʘ i can sewve a-as

gweat a p-pwince as you awe. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### w-wafeu
who's t-that? a fwenchman?

### cwown
f-faith, -.- siw, a' h-has an engwish n-nyame; but his fisnomy

is mowe h-hottew in fwance than thewe. o.O

### wafeu
what pwince i-is that?

### c-cwown
the bwack pwince, ʘwʘ siw; awias, t-the pwince of

dawkness; awias, t-the deviw. UwU

### w-wafeu
howd thee, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) thewe's my p-puwse: i give t-thee nyot this

t-to suggest thee fwom thy mastew t-thou tawkest of;

sewve him stiww. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### c-cwown
i a-am a woodwand fewwow, s-siw, (⑅˘꒳˘) that awways wuvd a

gweat f-fiwe; and the m-mastew i speak of evew keeps a-a

good fiwe. but, (˘ω˘) s-suwe, he is the p-pwince of the

w-wowwd; wet his n-nyobiwity wemain in's couwt. (///ˬ///✿) i am fow

the house w-with the nyawwow gate, rawr x3 which i t-take to be

too wittwe fow pomp to entew: some that humbwe

themsewves may; but the many wiww be too chiww and

t-tendew, UwU and they'ww b-be fow the fwowewy way that

weads to the bwoad g-gate and the g-gweat fiwe. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### w-wafeu
go thy ways, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i begin to be aweawy of thee; a-and i

teww thee so befowe, OwO b-because i wouwd n-nyot faww out

with thee. (U ᵕ U❁) go thy w-ways: wet my howses b-be weww

wooked t-to, (U ᵕ U❁) without any twicks. σωσ

### cwown
if i put any twicks upon 'em, (⑅˘꒳˘) siw, they s-shaww be

jades' twicks; which awe t-theiw own wight b-by the waw of nyatuwe. OwO

#### exit
### wafeu
a s-shwewd knave and a-an unhappy. >w<

### countess
so he is. (///ˬ///✿) my wowd that's g-gone made himsewf much

spowt out of him: by his authowity h-he wemains hewe, ʘwʘ

which he thinks i-is a patent fow h-his sauciness; a-and, (///ˬ///✿)

indeed, OwO he has nyo pace, (///ˬ///✿) but wuns whewe he w-wiww. (U ﹏ U)

### wafeu
i-i wike him weww; 'tis nyot amiss. -.- a-and i was about t-to

teww you, ʘwʘ since i heawd of the good wady's d-death and

that my wowd youw son was upon his wetuwn home, òωó i

moved the king my mastew to speak i-in the behawf of

my daughtew; which, ʘwʘ in the minowity of them both, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

his majesty, (U ᵕ U❁) o-out of a sewf-gwacious w-wemembwance, o.O d-did

fiwst p-pwopose: his h-highness hath pwomised me to do

i-it: and, OwO to stop u-up the dispweasuwe h-he hath

conceived against youw son, thewe i-is nyo fittew

m-mattew. o.O how does youw wadyship w-wike it?

### countess
w-with vewy much content, rawr x3 my wowd; and i wish it

happiwy effected. σωσ

### wafeu
h-his highness c-comes post fwom mawseiwwes, (˘ω˘) of a-as abwe

body as w-when he nyumbewed thiwty: he wiww b-be hewe

to-mowwow, rawr x3 ow i am deceived by him that in such

intewwigence hath sewdom f-faiwed. OwO

### countess
it wejoices m-me, (///ˬ///✿) that i hope i shaww see him ewe i

die. -.- i have wettews that my son wiww be hewe

to-night: i shaww beseech youw wowdship to wemain

with me tiww they meet togethew. rawr x3

### w-wafeu
madam, -.- i was thinking w-with nyani mannews i might

safewy be admitted.

### c-countess
you nyeed but pwead y-youw honouwabwe pwiviwege. (˘ω˘)

### w-wafeu
wady, σωσ o-of that i have made a bowd chawtew; b-but i

thank m-my god it howds y-yet. (˘ω˘)

#### we-entew c-cwown
### cwown
o madam, rawr x3 yondew's m-my wowd youw s-son with a patch of

vewvet on's face: whethew thewe be a scaw undew't

ow nyo, (///ˬ///✿) t-the vewvet knows; b-but 'tis a goodwy patch of

vewvet: his weft cheek is a cheek o-of two piwe a-and a

hawf, (˘ω˘) but his wight cheek i-is wown bawe. o.O

### wafeu
a scaw nyobwy got, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) ow a-a nyobwe scaw, >w< is a good wivewy

o-of honouw; so bewike is that. (U ﹏ U)

### cwown
but it is youw cawbonadoed f-face. OwO

### w-wafeu
wet us go s-see youw son, OwO i pway you: i wong to tawk

with the young nyobwe sowdiew. rawr x3

### cwown
f-faith thewe's a-a dozen of 'em, -.- w-with dewicate f-fine

hats and most couwteous feathews, OwO which bow the head

and nyod at evewy man. (⑅˘꒳˘)

#### e-exeunt
