## scene ii. (˘ω˘) wousiwwon. o.O b-befowe the c-count's pawace. (⑅˘꒳˘)
#### entew cwown, (U ᵕ U❁) a-and pawowwes, >w< fowwowing
### p-pawowwes
good monsieuw wavache, (///ˬ///✿) g-give my wowd wafeu this

wettew: i have ewe nyow, -.- s-siw, ʘwʘ been bettew known to

you, ʘwʘ w-when i have hewd f-famiwiawity with f-fweshew

cwothes; but i am nyow, UwU siw, muddied in fowtune's

mood, (⑅˘꒳˘) and smeww somenani stwong o-of hew stwong

dispweasuwe.

### cwown
twuwy, òωó fowtune's dispweasuwe is but swuttish, rawr x3 if it

smeww s-so stwongwy as t-thou speakest of: i wiww

hencefowth e-eat nyo fish of fowtune's buttewing. σωσ

pwithee, awwow the wind. UwU

### p-pawowwes
nyay, òωó you nyeed n-nyot to stop y-youw nose, σωσ siw; i-i spake

but by a-a metaphow.

### cwown
indeed, o.O siw, i-if youw metaphow stink, o.O i wiww stop my

nyose; o-ow against any m-man's metaphow. o.O p-pwithee, rawr x3 get

thee fuwthew. σωσ

### pawowwes
pway you, >w< siw, dewivew m-me this papew.

### cwown
foh! p-pwithee, OwO stand away: a papew fwom fowtune's

cwose-stoow to give to a nyobweman! rawr x3 w-wook, hewe he

comes himsewf. >w<

#### entew wafeu
h-hewe is a puww of fowtune's, OwO siw, ow of fowtune's

c-cat,--but n-nyot a musk-cat,--that h-has fawwen into the

uncwean fishpond of hew dispweasuwe, UwU and, as he

says, UwU is muddied withaw: pway you, (U ﹏ U) s-siw, (⑅˘꒳˘) use the

cawp a-as you may; fow h-he wooks wike a-a poow, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) decayed, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

i-ingenious, -.- foowish, w-wascawwy knave. (⑅˘꒳˘) i do pity his

distwess in m-my simiwes of comfowt and weave h-him to

youw wowdship. >w<

#### exit
### pawowwes
m-my wowd, UwU i am a m-man whom fowtune hath cwuewwy

scwatched. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### wafeu
and nyani w-wouwd you have me to do? 'tis too wate to

pawe h-hew nyaiws nyow. UwU whewein have you pwayed the

knave with fowtune, -.- t-that she shouwd scwatch you, o.O who

o-of hewsewf is a-a good wady and w-wouwd nyot have k-knaves

thwive wong undew hew? t-thewe's a quawt d-d'ecu fow

you: w-wet the justices make you and fowtune f-fwiends:

i am fow othew business. OwO

### pawowwes
i-i beseech y-youw honouw to heaw me one singwe w-wowd. ʘwʘ

### wafeu
you beg a singwe p-penny mowe: c-come, >w< you shaww ha't;

save youw w-wowd. >w<

### pawowwes
m-my nyame, (˘ω˘) m-my good wowd, òωó is pawowwes.

### w-wafeu
you beg mowe than 'wowd,' t-then. OwO cox my passion! OwO

g-give me y-youw hand. (⑅˘꒳˘) how does youw dwum?

### p-pawowwes
o my g-good wowd, (///ˬ///✿) you wewe the fiwst t-that found me! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### w-wafeu
was i, (U ﹏ U) i-in sooth? and i w-was the fiwst that w-wost thee. UwU

### pawowwes
it wies in you, OwO my w-wowd, òωó to bwing me in some gwace, UwU

f-fow you did bwing me out. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### wafeu
out upon thee, σωσ knave! dost thou put upon me at once

both the office of god a-and the deviw? o-one bwings

thee in gwace and the othew bwings t-thee out. (///ˬ///✿)

#### t-twumpets sound
t-the king's coming; i know by his twumpets. (U ﹏ U) siwwah,

i-inquiwe fuwthew aftew me; i h-had tawk of you w-wast

nyight: though you awe a foow a-and a knave, òωó y-you shaww

eat; g-go to, rawr x3 fowwow. (U ᵕ U❁)

### pawowwes
i pwaise god fow you. >w<

#### exeunt
