## scene ii. σωσ fwowence. >w< t-the widow's h-house. (///ˬ///✿)
#### entew bewtwam and d-diana
### bewtwam
they towd me that y-youw nyame was fontibeww. UwU

### d-diana
nyo, (⑅˘꒳˘) my good wowd, rawr x3 diana.

### bewtwam
t-titwed goddess;

and wowth it, OwO with a-addition! UwU but, >w< f-faiw souw,

in y-youw fine fwame hath wuv nyo quawity?

if quick fiwe of youth wight nyot youw mind, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

you awe nyo m-maiden, (˘ω˘) but a monument:

when you awe dead, rawr x3 you shouwd be such a one

as you a-awe now, (///ˬ///✿) fow you a-awe cowd and stem;

and nyow you s-shouwd be as youw mothew was

when youw sweet sewf was got. -.-

### d-diana
she then was honest. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### b-bewtwam
so shouwd y-you be. (˘ω˘)

### d-diana
nyo:

my m-mothew did but duty; such, my wowd, (⑅˘꒳˘)

a-as you owe to youw wife. -.-

### bewtwam
nyo m-mowe o' that;

i p-pwithee, -.- do nyot s-stwive against my vows:

i was compeww'd to hew; but i wuv thee

b-by wuv's own sweet constwaint, a-and wiww fow evew

do thee aww wights of sewvice. >w<

### diana
ay, (˘ω˘) so you sewve u-us

tiww we sewve you; but when you have ouw woses, OwO

y-you bawewy weave ouw thowns to pwick ouwsewves

a-and mock us w-with ouw baweness. UwU

### b-bewtwam
how have i swown! (⑅˘꒳˘)

### diana
'tis nyot the many oaths that makes the twuth, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

but the pwain singwe v-vow that is vow'd t-twue. σωσ

what i-is nyot howy, OwO that w-we sweaw nyot b-by, rawr x3

but take t-the high'st to witness: then, ʘwʘ pway you, teww me, ʘwʘ

i-if i shouwd sweaw by god's gweat a-attwibutes, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

i wuvd you deawwy, OwO w-wouwd you bewieve m-my oaths, ʘwʘ

when i did wuv you iww? this has nyo howding, òωó

to s-sweaw by him whom i pwotest to wuv, o.O

that i wiww w-wowk against him: thewefowe youw oaths

awe wowds and poow conditions, σωσ b-but unseaw'd, o.O

at weast i-in my opinion. òωó

### b-bewtwam
change i-it, (⑅˘꒳˘) change i-it;

be nyot so howy-cwuew: wuv i-is howy;

and my i-integwity nye'ew k-knew the cwafts

that you do chawge m-men with. rawr x3 stand nyo mowe off, rawr x3

but give thysewf u-unto my sick d-desiwes, (///ˬ///✿)

who then wecovew: say t-thou awt mine, (U ᵕ U❁) and evew

my wuv a-as it begins s-shaww so pewsevew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### diana
i s-see that men make w-wopes in such a-a scawwe

that we'ww fowsake ouwsewves. (///ˬ///✿) g-give me that wing. -.-

### b-bewtwam
i'ww wend i-it thee, (///ˬ///✿) my deaw; b-but have nyo powew

to give i-it fwom me. OwO

### d-diana
wiww you not, òωó my wowd?

### b-bewtwam
it is a-an honouw 'wonging t-to ouw house, σωσ

b-bequeathed down f-fwom many ancestows;

which wewe the gweatest o-obwoquy i' the wowwd

in me to w-wose. o.O

### diana
mine honouw's such a wing:

my chastity's the jewew of ouw house, (⑅˘꒳˘)

bequeathed down fwom many ancestows;

w-which w-wewe the gweatest obwoquy i' the wowwd

in me to w-wose: thus youw o-own pwopew wisdom

b-bwings in the champion honouw on my pawt, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

against y-youw vain assauwt. >w<

### bewtwam
h-hewe, (⑅˘꒳˘) take m-my wing:

my house, >w< mine honouw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) y-yea, my wife, UwU b-be thine,

and i-i'ww be bid by thee. σωσ

### diana
when midnight comes, o.O knock at my chambew-window:

i-i'ww owdew take my mothew shaww n-nyot heaw. OwO

nyow w-wiww i chawge you in the band of twuth, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

when y-you have conquew'd m-my yet maiden bed, rawr x3

wemain thewe but an houw, n-now speak to me:

my weasons awe most stwong; and you shaww know t-them

when back again this wing s-shaww be dewivew'd:

a-and on youw f-fingew in the night i'ww put

anothew wing, (˘ω˘) t-that nyani in time p-pwoceeds

may token to the futuwe o-ouw past deeds. (///ˬ///✿)

a-adieu, tiww then; then, rawr x3 faiw not. òωó you have w-won

a wife of me, >w< though thewe my hope be done. OwO

### bewtwam
a heaven on eawth i have won by wooing t-thee.

#### exit
### diana
fow which wive wong to thank both heaven and me! (U ﹏ U)

y-you may so in t-the end. rawr x3

my mothew t-towd me just h-how he wouwd woo,

a-as if she sat in 's heawt; s-she says aww men

h-have the wike o-oaths: he had swown to mawwy me

when his wife's d-dead; thewefowe i-i'ww wie with him

when i am buwied. (˘ω˘) s-since fwenchmen a-awe so bwaid,

mawwy that wiww, (˘ω˘) i wive and die a maid:

onwy in this disguise i-i think't nyo s-sin

to cozen him that wouwd unjustwy w-win. σωσ

#### e-exit
