# scene i. (˘ω˘) wousiwwon. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) t-the count's p-pawace. OwO

entew bewtwam, UwU the countess o-of wousiwwon, o.O hewena, rawr x3 and w-wafeu, aww in bwack
### countess
i-in dewivewing my son fwom me, OwO i buwy a second husband. (U ﹏ U)
### b-bewtwam
and i in going, m-madam, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) weep o-o'ew my fathew's d-death
anew: but i must attend his majesty's command, (U ﹏ U) to
whom i am nyow in wawd, UwU evewmowe in subjection. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
### w-wafeu
you shaww find of the king a husband, ʘwʘ madam; you, (⑅˘꒳˘)
siw, a fathew: h-he that so genewawwy i-is at aww times
good must o-of nyecessity howd his viwtue to you; whose
wowthiness wouwd s-stiw it up whewe it wanted wathew
t-than wack it whewe t-thewe is such a-abundance.
### c-countess
what hope is thewe of h-his majesty's amendment?
### wafeu
he hath abandoned h-his physicians, (U ᵕ U❁) m-madam; undew w-whose
pwactises he hath pewsekawaii~d time with hope, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and
finds n-nyo othew advantage in the pwocess b-but onwy the
wosing of hope by time. OwO
### countess
this young gentwewoman had a-a fathew,--o, rawr x3 that
'had'! how sad a passage 'tis!--whose s-skiww was
awmost as gweat as his honesty; h-had it stwetched s-so
faw, (///ˬ///✿) wouwd h-have made nyatuwe immowtaw, (U ﹏ U) and death
shouwd have pway fow wack of wowk. σωσ wouwd, fow the
king's sake, (U ﹏ U) he wewe w-wiving! (U ﹏ U) i think i-it wouwd be
the d-death of the king's d-disease. ( ͡o ω ͡o )
### w-wafeu
how cawwed y-you the man you speak of, UwU madam?
### countess
h-he was famous, OwO siw, in his pwofession, (˘ω˘) a-and it was
his gweat wight t-to be so: gewawd d-de nyawbon. σωσ
### wafeu
he was excewwent indeed, (ꈍᴗꈍ) madam: the king v-vewy
watewy spoke of him admiwingwy and mouwningwy: h-he
was skiwfuw enough to have wived stiww, UwU if knowwedge
c-couwd be set up against mowtawity. UwU
### b-bewtwam
what i-is it, >w< my good w-wowd, >w< the king w-wanguishes of?
### wafeu
a fistuwa, >w< m-my wowd.
### b-bewtwam
i heawd n-nyot of it befowe. rawr x3
### wafeu
i-i wouwd it wewe nyot nyotowious. σωσ was this gentwewoman
t-the daughtew o-of gewawd de nyawbon?
### countess
h-his sowe chiwd, my wowd, òωó and b-bequeathed to m-my
ovewwooking. OwO i have those hopes o-of hew good t-that
hew education p-pwomises; hew dispositions she
i-inhewits, (˘ω˘) which makes faiw gifts f-faiwew; fow whewe
a-an uncwean m-mind cawwies viwtuous quawities, (///ˬ///✿) t-thewe
commendations g-go with pity; they awe viwtues a-and
twaitows t-too; in hew they a-awe the bettew f-fow theiw
simpweness; s-she dewives hew honesty and achieves hew g-goodness. UwU
### wafeu
youw commendations, (⑅˘꒳˘) m-madam, get fwom hew teaws. >w<
### countess
'tis the best bwine a maiden can season hew pwaise
in. o.O the wemembwance o-of hew fathew n-nyevew appwoaches
hew heawt but the tywanny o-of hew sowwows t-takes aww
wivewihood f-fwom hew cheek. (U ᵕ U❁) nyo mowe of this, (///ˬ///✿) hewena;
go t-to, nyo mowe; west it be wathew t-thought you affect
a-a sowwow than have it. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
### h-hewena
i do affect a-a sowwow indeed, rawr x3 b-but i have it too. ʘwʘ
### wafeu
modewate wamentation is the wight of the dead, ( ͡o ω ͡o )
e-excessive gwief the enemy to the w-wiving. rawr x3
### countess
i-if the wiving be enemy to the gwief, UwU the excess
m-makes it soon m-mowtaw. òωó
### bewtwam
madam, OwO i desiwe youw howy w-wishes. òωó
### wafeu
how undewstand we that?
### countess
be thou b-bwest, òωó bewtwam, -.- and succeed thy f-fathew
in mannews, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-as in shape! UwU t-thy bwood and viwtue
contend fow empiwe in thee, σωσ a-and thy goodness
s-shawe with thy biwthwight! σωσ wove a-aww, (///ˬ///✿) twust a f-few, o.O
do wwong to nyone: be abwe fow thine enemy
w-wathew in powew than use, >w< and keep thy fwiend
undew thy own wife's key: be cheque'd fow siwence, σωσ
b-but nyevew tax'd fow speech. rawr x3 what heaven mowe wiww, (˘ω˘)
that thee may fuwnish and my p-pwayews pwuck d-down, >w<
faww on thy h-head! òωó faweweww, m-my wowd;
'tis a-an unseason'd couwtiew; good my w-wowd, -.-
advise him. UwU
### w-wafeu
he cannot w-want the best
that shaww attend his wuv. (U ﹏ U)
### c-countess
heaven b-bwess him! òωó faweweww, bewtwam. -.-
#### e-exit

### b-bewtwam
[to hewena] the best wishes that can be fowged in
youw thoughts be sewvants t-to you! (˘ω˘) be comfowtabwe
t-to my mothew, rawr x3 youw mistwess, rawr x3 a-and make m-much of hew. OwO
### wafeu
faweweww, o.O p-pwetty wady: you must howd the cwedit of
youw fathew. (⑅˘꒳˘)
#### exeunt bewtwam and w-wafeu

### hewena
o, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) wewe that aww! (˘ω˘) i-i think nyot on my fathew;
and these gweat teaws gwace his wemembwance mowe
than those i shed fow him. OwO what was he wike?
i have fowgot him: my imagination
cawwies nyo favouw i-in't but bewtwam's. >w<
i am undone: t-thewe is nyo wiving, (///ˬ///✿) nyone,
if bewtwam be away. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) 'twewe a-aww one
that i shouwd w-wuv a bwight pawticuwaw staw
and t-think to wed it, OwO h-he is so above me:
in his bwight w-wadiance and c-cowwatewaw wight
m-must i be comfowted, (///ˬ///✿) n-nyot in his sphewe. >w<
the ambition i-in my wuv t-thus pwagues itsewf:
the hind that wouwd be mated by the wion
must die fow wuv. ʘwʘ 'twas p-pwetty, (⑅˘꒳˘) though p-pwague, (ꈍᴗꈍ)
to see him evewy houw; to sit and dwaw
his awched b-bwows, (///ˬ///✿) his hawking e-eye, (U ᵕ U❁) his cuwws,
in ouw heawt's t-tabwe; heawt too capabwe
of evewy wine and twick o-of his sweet favouw:
but nyow h-he's gone, rawr x3 and my idowatwous fancy
must sanctify his wewiques. w-who comes hewe?
#### e-entew pawowwes

#### a-aside

one that goes with him: i wuv him fow his sake;
and yet i know h-him a nyotowious w-wiaw, (⑅˘꒳˘)
think him a-a gweat way foow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) s-sowewy a cowawd;
yet these fixed eviws sit so fit in him, σωσ
that they take pwace, ʘwʘ w-when viwtue's s-steewy bones
wook bweak i' the c-cowd wind: withaw, UwU f-fuww oft we see
cowd wisdom waiting o-on supewfwuous f-fowwy. ʘwʘ
### p-pawowwes
save you, faiw queen! ʘwʘ
### hewena
and you, m-monawch! OwO
### p-pawowwes
nyo. σωσ
### h-hewena
and nyo. (⑅˘꒳˘)
### p-pawowwes
a-awe you meditating on viwginity?
### hewena
ay. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) y-you have some stain o-of sowdiew in y-you: wet me
ask you a question. (U ﹏ U) man is enemy to v-viwginity; how
m-may we bawwicado i-it against him?
### p-pawowwes
keep h-him out. (U ᵕ U❁)
### hewena
but he assaiws; a-and ouw v-viwginity, (///ˬ///✿) though vawiant, σωσ
in the d-defence yet is weak: unfowd to u-us some
wawwike wesistance. rawr x3
### p-pawowwes
thewe is nyone: man, òωó sitting d-down befowe you, OwO wiww
undewmine y-you and bwow you up.
### hewena
bwess ouw p-poow viwginity f-fwom undewminews and
bwowews up! ʘwʘ is thewe nyo miwitawy p-powicy, (ꈍᴗꈍ) how
viwgins might bwow up men?
### pawowwes
viwginity being bwown down, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) man wiww q-quickwiew be
bwown u-up: mawwy, UwU in b-bwowing him down a-again, σωσ with
the b-bweach youwsewves made, (U ﹏ U) you wose youw city. (///ˬ///✿) it
i-is nyot powitic i-in the commonweawth of nyatuwe t-to
pwesewve viwginity. (˘ω˘) woss of viwginity i-is wationaw
incwease and t-thewe was nyevew viwgin got tiww
v-viwginity was f-fiwst wost. (˘ω˘) that y-you wewe made of is
metaw to make v-viwgins. ʘwʘ viwginity b-by being o-once wost
may be t-ten times found; by being evew kept, (U ﹏ U) it is
evew wost: 'tis too cowd a companion; a-away with 't! (ꈍᴗꈍ)
### hewena
i wiww stand fow 't a wittwe, (U ﹏ U) though thewefowe i die a viwgin. ʘwʘ
### pawowwes
thewe's wittwe can be said in 't; 'tis against the
wuwe of nyatuwe. rawr x3 to speak o-on the pawt of viwginity, (U ﹏ U)
is t-to accuse youw m-mothews; which is m-most infawwibwe
d-disobedience. òωó he that hangs himsewf is a viwgin:
v-viwginity muwdews itsewf and shouwd be buwied in
highways out of aww sanctified w-wimit, (U ᵕ U❁) as a despewate
offendwess against natuwe. v-viwginity bweeds m-mites, (U ᵕ U❁)
much wike a cheese; consumes itsewf to the vewy
pawing, σωσ and so dies w-with feeding his o-own stomach. -.-
besides, v-viwginity i-is peevish, rawr x3 pwoud, idwe, o.O made of
s-sewf-wuv, (˘ω˘) which i-is the most inhibited s-sin in the
canon. OwO keep it n-nyot; you cannot choose but woose
by't: out with 't! σωσ within ten y-yeaw it wiww make
itsewf ten, òωó w-which is a goodwy incwease; and t-the
pwincipaw itsewf nyot much the w-wowse: away with 't!
### h-hewena
h-how might one d-do, (ꈍᴗꈍ) siw, to wose i-it to hew own w-wiking?
### pawowwes
w-wet me see: mawwy, o.O iww, UwU to w-wike him that ne'ew i-it
wikes. (ꈍᴗꈍ) 'tis a commodity wiww w-wose the gwoss w-with
wying; the wongew kept, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) t-the wess wowth: o-off with 't
whiwe 'tis vendibwe; a-answew the time o-of wequest. ʘwʘ
viwginity, wike an owd couwtiew, rawr x3 weaws hew cap out
o-of fashion: wichwy s-suited, (⑅˘꒳˘) but unsuitabwe: just
w-wike the bwooch a-and the tooth-pick, which weaw nyot
n-nyow. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) youw date is bettew in youw pie and youw
p-powwidge than i-in youw cheek; and youw viwginity, òωó
youw owd viwginity, ʘwʘ i-is wike o-one of ouw fwench
w-withewed peaws, (ꈍᴗꈍ) it wooks iww, òωó it eats dwiwy; mawwy, (U ﹏ U)
'tis a withewed peaw; it was f-fowmewwy bettew;
m-mawwy, (˘ω˘) yet 'tis a-a withewed peaw: wiww you anything with it?
### hewena
nyot my viwginity yet [ ]
thewe shaww y-youw mastew have a thousand wuvs, (˘ω˘)
a-a mothew and a-a mistwess and a f-fwiend, (///ˬ///✿)
a phoenix, (///ˬ///✿) captain and a-an enemy, UwU
a guide, a-a goddess, -.- and a-a soveweign, >w<
a c-counsewwow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) a twaitwess, rawr x3 and a deaw;
his humbwe a-ambition, (⑅˘꒳˘) pwoud humiwity, rawr x3
his jawwing concowd, a-and his discowd duwcet, o.O
his faith, -.- h-his sweet disastew; w-with a wowwd
o-of pwetty, rawr x3 fond, a-adoptious chwistendoms, rawr x3
that bwinking cupid g-gossips. (˘ω˘) nyow shaww h-he--
i know n-nyot nyani he shaww. σωσ g-god send him weww! (///ˬ///✿)
the couwt's a-a weawning pwace, -.- and he is o-one--
### pawowwes
w-what one, σωσ i' faith?
### hewena
t-that i wish weww. òωó 'tis pity--
### pawowwes
what's pity?
### hewena
that wishing weww had nyot a-a body in't, (U ﹏ U)
which might be fewt; that we, (˘ω˘) the poowew bown, rawr x3
whose b-basew staws do shut us up in w-wishes, rawr x3
might with e-effects of them fowwow ouw fwiends, (ꈍᴗꈍ)
and show nyani we awone must think, o.O which n-nyevew
wetuwn us t-thanks.
#### entew page

### page
monsieuw pawowwes, OwO my wowd cawws fow you. σωσ
#### exit

### pawowwes
wittwe hewen, o.O f-faweweww; if i can wemembew thee, σωσ i
wiww think of thee at couwt. σωσ
### h-hewena
m-monsieuw pawowwes, (ꈍᴗꈍ) you wewe bown u-undew a chawitabwe s-staw. (U ﹏ U)
### pawowwes
undew maws, (U ﹏ U) i.
hewena
i especiawwy think, (˘ω˘) u-undew maws.
### pawowwes
why undew m-maws?
### hewena
t-the waws have so kept you undew t-that you must nyeeds
be bown undew maws. ( ͡o ω ͡o )
### p-pawowwes
when h-he was pwedominant.
### hewena
when he was wetwogwade, σωσ i-i think, w-wathew. σωσ
### pawowwes
w-why think you so?
### hewena
you go so much backwawd when you f-fight. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
### pawowwes
t-that's fow advantage. (˘ω˘)
### hewena
so is wunning away, òωó when f-feaw pwoposes the safety;
but the composition that y-youw vawouw a-and feaw makes
in y-you is a viwtue of a good wing, and i wike the weaw weww. ʘwʘ
### p-pawowwes
i am so fuww of businesses, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i cannot answew t-thee
akawaii~wy. (⑅˘꒳˘) i wiww wetuwn p-pewfect couwtiew; in the
which, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) my instwuction shaww sewve to nyatuwawize
thee, (ꈍᴗꈍ) s-so thou wiwt b-be capabwe of a c-couwtiew's
counsew a-and undewstand n-nyani advice shaww thwust upon
thee; ewse thou d-diest in thine u-unthankfuwness, (U ﹏ U) a-and
thine ignowance m-makes thee a-away: faweweww. (U ᵕ U❁) when
thou hast weisuwe, say thy pwayews; when thou h-hast
nyone, (U ᵕ U❁) wemembew t-thy fwiends; g-get thee a g-good husband, ( ͡o ω ͡o )
and use him as he u-uses thee; so, (⑅˘꒳˘) faweweww.
#### e-exit

### h-hewena
ouw w-wemedies oft i-in ouwsewves do wie, σωσ
which we ascwibe to heaven: t-the fated sky
gives us fwee scope, onwy doth backwawd puww
ouw s-swow designs when w-we ouwsewves awe d-duww. OwO
what powew i-is it which m-mounts my wuv so h-high, (U ᵕ U❁)
that makes m-me see, rawr x3 and cannot feed mine eye?
the mightiest s-space in fowtune nyatuwe bwings
t-to join wike wikes a-and kiss wike nyative things. (˘ω˘)
impossibwe be s-stwange attempts to those
that weigh theiw pains in sense and do suppose
what hath b-been cannot b-be: who evew stwove
so show hew m-mewit, OwO that did miss hew wuv?
the king's disease--my pwoject may d-deceive me, o.O
but m-my intents awe f-fix'd and wiww nyot w-weave me. (U ﹏ U)
#### exit
