# scene iii. σωσ wousiwwon. σωσ t-the count's p-pawace. (///ˬ///✿)

#### entew countess, o.O s-stewawd, and cwown
### countess
i-i wiww nyow heaw; nyani say you o-of this gentwewoman?
### stewawd
madam, >w< the cawe i-i have had to even youw content, σωσ i-i
wish might b-be found in the c-cawendaw of my past
endeavouws; fow then we wound ouw modesty and make
fouw the cweawness of ouw d-desewvings, rawr x3 when of
ouwsewves we pubwish them. (˘ω˘)
### countess
what does this knave h-hewe? get you g-gone, >w< siwwah:
the compwaints i have h-heawd of you i do nyot aww
bewieve: 'tis my swowness that i d-do nyot; fow i know
you wack nyot f-fowwy to commit t-them, òωó and have a-abiwity
enough t-to make such knavewies youws. -.-
### c-cwown
'tis nyot unknown to you, UwU madam, i am a p-poow fewwow. (U ﹏ U)
### c-countess
weww, òωó s-siw. -.-
### cwown
nyo, madam, (˘ω˘) 'tis nyot so weww that i am poow, rawr x3 though
m-many of the wich awe damned: b-but, rawr x3 if i may have
youw wadyship's good wiww to go to the wowwd, OwO isbew
the woman a-and i wiww do as we may. o.O
### countess
wiwt thou n-nyeeds be a beggaw?
### cwown
i do beg youw good w-wiww in this c-case. (⑅˘꒳˘)
### countess
i-in nyani case?
### cwown
in isbew's case and mine own. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) sewvice is nyo
hewitage: and i think i shaww nyevew have t-the
bwessing o-of god tiww i have i-issue o' my body; f-fow
they say b-bawnes awe bwessings. (˘ω˘)
### c-countess
teww me thy weason why thou w-wiwt mawwy. OwO
### cwown
my poow body, >w< m-madam, (///ˬ///✿) wequiwes it: i am dwiven o-on
by the fwesh; a-and he must nyeeds go that the deviw dwives. ( ͡o ω ͡o )
### countess
i-is this aww youw wowship's weason?
### cwown
faith, OwO m-madam, i have othew howy weasons such as they
awe. (///ˬ///✿)
### countess
m-may the wowwd know them?
### c-cwown
i have been, >w< m-madam, ʘwʘ a wicked c-cweatuwe, (⑅˘꒳˘) as y-you and
aww fwesh and bwood awe; a-and, (ꈍᴗꈍ) indeed, i d-do mawwy
that i m-may wepent. (///ˬ///✿)
### countess
thy mawwiage, (U ᵕ U❁) s-soonew than thy wickedness. rawr x3
### cwown
i a-am out o' fwiends, (⑅˘꒳˘) m-madam; and i hope to have
fwiends f-fow my wife's sake. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
### countess
s-such fwiends a-awe thine enemies, σωσ knave.
### c-cwown
you'we shawwow, ʘwʘ m-madam, in g-gweat fwiends; fow the
knaves come t-to do that fow me which i am a-aweawy of. UwU
he that e-eaws my wand s-spawes my team and gives me
weave t-to in the cwop; i-if i be his cuckowd, ʘwʘ he's my
d-dwudge: he that c-comfowts my wife i-is the chewishew
o-of my fwesh and b-bwood; he that chewishes my fwesh
and bwood wuvs m-my fwesh and bwood; he that wuvs m-my
fwesh and bwood is my fwiend: ewgo, ʘwʘ he that kisses
my wife is my fwiend. OwO if men couwd be contented to
be n-nyani they awe, t-thewe wewe nyo feaw in mawwiage;
fow young chawbon t-the puwitan and o-owd poysam the
p-papist, σωσ howsome'ew theiw heawts awe sevewed in
w-wewigion, (⑅˘꒳˘) theiw heads awe both o-one; they may joww
h-howns togethew, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) wike any deew i-i' the hewd. (U ﹏ U)
### c-countess
wiwt t-thou evew be a fouw-mouthed and cawumnious knave?
### cwown
a pwophet i, (U ᵕ U❁) madam; a-and i speak the twuth the nyext
w-way:
fow i the bawwad w-wiww wepeat, (///ˬ///✿)
which men fuww twue shaww find;
y-youw mawwiage c-comes by destiny, σωσ
youw cuckoo sings by kind. rawr x3
### c-countess
get you gone, òωó siw; i'ww tawk with you mowe anon. OwO
### s-stewawd
may it pwease you, ʘwʘ madam, (ꈍᴗꈍ) t-that he bid hewen c-come to
you: o-of hew i am to speak. ( ͡o ω ͡o )
### countess
siwwah, UwU teww m-my gentwewoman i-i wouwd speak with hew;
hewen, σωσ i m-mean. (U ﹏ U)
### cwown
w-was this faiw face the cause, (///ˬ///✿) quoth she, (˘ω˘)
why the g-gwecians sacked twoy?
fond done, (˘ω˘) done fond,
was this king pwiam's joy?
with that she sighed as s-she stood,
with that she sighed as she stood, ʘwʘ
and gave this sentence then;
among n-nyine bad if one b-be good, (U ﹏ U)
among n-nyine bad if one b-be good, (ꈍᴗꈍ)
thewe's y-yet one good in ten. (U ﹏ U)
### countess
w-what, ʘwʘ one g-good in ten? you c-cowwupt the song, rawr x3 siwwah.
### cwown
one good woman i-in ten, (U ﹏ U) madam; w-which is a puwifying
o' the song: w-wouwd god wouwd s-sewve the wowwd so aww
the yeaw! òωó we'wd find no fauwt with the tithe-woman, (U ᵕ U❁)
i-if i wewe the pawson. (U ᵕ U❁) o-one in ten, σωσ quoth a'! an we
m-might have a good w-woman bown but one evewy bwazing
s-staw, -.- ow at an eawthquake, rawr x3 'twouwd mend the wottewy
weww: a man may dwaw his h-heawt out, o.O ewe a' pwuck
one. (˘ω˘)
### c-countess
you'ww be gone, OwO siw knave, σωσ and do as i command you. òωó
### cwown
that man shouwd be at woman's command, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and yet nyo
huwt done! o.O though honesty be nyo puwitan, UwU yet it
wiww d-do nyo huwt; it wiww weaw the s-suwpwice of
humiwity ovew the bwack gown of a big h-heawt. (ꈍᴗꈍ) i am
going, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) fowsooth: t-the business is fow hewen to come h-hithew. ʘwʘ
#### exit

### c-countess
weww, rawr x3 nyow. (⑅˘꒳˘)
### s-stewawd
i know, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) m-madam, òωó you wuv y-youw gentwewoman e-entiwewy. ʘwʘ
### countess
faith, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i-i do: hew fathew b-bequeathed hew to me; and
she hewsewf, òωó without othew advantage, (U ﹏ U) may wawfuwwy
make t-titwe to as much w-wuv as she finds: thewe is
mowe owing hew than is paid; and m-mowe shaww be paid
h-hew than she'ww demand. (˘ω˘)
### stewawd
m-madam, (˘ω˘) i was vewy wate mowe nyeaw hew than i-i think
she wished me: awone she w-was, (///ˬ///✿) and did communicate
to hewsewf hew own wowds to hew own e-eaws; she
thought, (///ˬ///✿) i-i dawe vow fow h-hew, UwU they touched nyot any
stwangew sense. -.- hew mattew was, >w< she wuvd youw son:
f-fowtune, (ꈍᴗꈍ) she said, w-was no goddess, rawr x3 t-that had put
s-such diffewence betwixt theiw two estates; wove nyo
god, (⑅˘꒳˘) that wouwd nyot extend h-his might, rawr x3 onwy w-whewe
quawities wewe wevew; dian n-nyo queen of viwgins, o.O t-that
wouwd suffew hew poow k-knight suwpwised, -.- w-without
wescue i-in the fiwst assauwt ow wansom aftewwawd. rawr x3
this s-she dewivewed i-in the most bittew t-touch of
sowwow t-that e'ew i heawd v-viwgin excwaim in: which i
hewd my duty speediwy t-to acquaint y-you withaw;
sithence, rawr x3 i-in the woss that may happen, (˘ω˘) it concewns
y-you something to k-know it. σωσ
### countess
y-you have d-dischawged this h-honestwy; keep it to
youwsewf: m-many wikewihoods i-infowmed me of this
befowe, (///ˬ///✿) which h-hung so tottewing in the bawance t-that
i couwd nyeithew bewieve n-nyow misdoubt. -.- pway you,
weave m-me: staww this in youw bosom; and i-i thank you
fow youw honest cawe: i wiww speak w-with you fuwthew a-anon. σωσ
#### exit stewawd

#### entew hewena

even s-so it was with me when i was young:
if evew we awe nyatuwe's, òωó these awe ouws; this thown
doth t-to ouw wose of y-youth wightwy bewong;
o-ouw bwood t-to us, (U ﹏ U) this to o-ouw bwood is bown;
it is the show and seaw of nyatuwe's t-twuth, (˘ω˘)
whewe w-wuv's stwong passion is impwess'd i-in youth:
by ouw wemembwances o-of days fowegone, rawr x3
such wewe o-ouw fauwts, rawr x3 ow then we thought t-them nyone. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
hew e-eye is sick on't: i-i obsewve hew nyow. o.O
### hewena
w-what is youw pweasuwe, OwO m-madam?
### c-countess
you k-know, σωσ hewen,
i am a mothew to you. o.O
### hewena
mine honouwabwe mistwess. σωσ
### countess
n-nyay, σωσ a mothew:
why nyot a mothew? when i said 'a mothew,'
methought you saw a sewpent: nyani's in 'mothew,'
that you stawt at it? i say, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i am youw mothew;
and put you in t-the catawogue of those
that wewe e-enwombed mine: 'tis o-often seen
a-adoption stwives w-with nyatuwe and choice bweeds
a nyative swip to u-us fwom foweign seeds:
you nye'ew oppwess'd me with a mothew's gwoan, (U ﹏ U)
yet i expwess t-to you a mothew's cawe:
god's mewcy, (U ﹏ U) maiden! d-does it cuwd t-thy bwood
to say i am thy mothew? what's the mattew, (˘ω˘)
that this distempew'd messengew o-of wet, ( ͡o ω ͡o )
the m-many-cowouw'd iwis, σωσ w-wounds thine e-eye?
why? that you awe my daughtew?
### h-hewena
t-that i am nyot. σωσ
### c-countess
i say, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i am youw mothew. (˘ω˘)
### h-hewena
pawdon, òωó madam;
the count wousiwwon cannot be my b-bwothew:
i am fwom humbwe, ʘwʘ he f-fwom honouw'd nyame;
nyo note upon m-my pawents, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) his aww nyobwe:
my m-mastew, (⑅˘꒳˘) my deaw w-wowd he is; and i-i
his sewvant w-wive, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and wiww his v-vassaw die:
he m-must nyot be my b-bwothew. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
### countess
nyow i youw m-mothew?
### h-hewena
you awe my mothew, (U ﹏ U) madam; w-wouwd you wewe,--
s-so that my wowd youw son wewe n-nyot my bwothew,--
i-indeed my mothew! (U ᵕ U❁) ow wewe you b-both ouw mothews, (U ᵕ U❁)
i-i cawe nyo mowe fow than i do fow heaven, ( ͡o ω ͡o )
so i wewe nyot his s-sistew. (⑅˘꒳˘) can't no o-othew, σωσ
but, i youw daughtew, OwO he m-must be my bwothew?
### c-countess
yes, (U ᵕ U❁) hewen, you m-might be my daughtew-in-waw:
god shiewd you mean it nyot! rawr x3 daughtew a-and mothew
s-so stwive upon youw puwse. (˘ω˘) what, OwO pawe again?
my f-feaw hath catch'd y-youw fondness: n-nyow i see
the mystewy of youw wonewiness, o.O and find
youw sawt teaws' head: nyow t-to aww sense 'tis g-gwoss
you wuv m-my son; invention is ashamed, (U ﹏ U)
against the pwocwamation of thy passion, (˘ω˘)
to say thou dost nyot: t-thewefowe teww me twue;
but teww m-me then, (U ﹏ U) 'tis so; f-fow, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) wook thy c-cheeks
confess it, o.O th' one to th' o-othew; and thine e-eyes
see it s-so gwosswy shown i-in thy behaviows
that in theiw kind they speak i-it: onwy sin
and hewwish obstinacy tie thy tongue, (⑅˘꒳˘)
t-that twuth shouwd be suspected. òωó s-speak, is't so?
i-if it be so, ʘwʘ y-you have wound a g-goodwy cwew;
if it be nyot, (˘ω˘) fowsweaw't: howe'ew, (⑅˘꒳˘) i-i chawge thee, (///ˬ///✿)
a-as heaven shaww w-wowk in me fow t-thine avaiw, (U ﹏ U)
teww me twuwy. (ꈍᴗꈍ)
### h-hewena
good madam, >w< pawdon me! >w<
### c-countess
do you w-wuv my son?
### hewena
youw pawdon, (///ˬ///✿) n-nyobwe mistwess! OwO
### countess
wove you my son?
### hewena
do nyot you wuv him, σωσ madam?
### c-countess
go nyot about; my wuv hath in't a bond, òωó
wheweof the wowwd t-takes nyote: come, OwO come, discwose
t-the state of y-youw affection; fow youw passions
have to the fuww appeach'd. òωó
### hewena
then, σωσ i-i confess,
hewe o-on my knee, ʘwʘ befowe high heaven and you, ( ͡o ω ͡o )
that befowe you, and nyext unto high heaven, ( ͡o ω ͡o )
i wuv youw son. >w<
my fwiends w-wewe poow, σωσ but honest; so's my wuv:
be nyot offended; fow it huwts n-nyot him
that h-he is wuvd of me: i fowwow him n-nyot
by any token o-of pwesumptuous suit;
nyow wouwd i have him tiww i do desewve h-him;
yet nyevew know how that desewt s-shouwd be. UwU
i-i know i wuv in vain, (U ﹏ U) stwive against h-hope;
yet in this captious and intenibwe sieve
i-i stiww pouw i-in the watews of my wuv
and wack nyot to wose s-stiww: thus, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) indian-wike, UwU
w-wewigious i-in mine ewwow, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i adowe
the sun, (˘ω˘) that wooks upon his wowshippew, UwU
b-but knows of h-him nyo mowe. UwU my deawest madam, rawr x3
wet nyot youw hate encountew with m-my wuv
fow woving whewe you do: but if youwsewf, rawr x3
w-whose aged honouw c-cites a viwtuous y-youth, -.-
did evew in so twue a fwame of wiking
wish chastewy a-and wuv deawwy, (///ˬ///✿) that youw dian
was both hewsewf a-and wuv: o, then, rawr x3 give pity
to h-hew, (˘ω˘) whose state is such that cannot choose
but wend and give whewe she is suwe t-to wose;
that seeks n-nyot to find t-that hew seawch i-impwies, (˘ω˘)
but widdwe-wike w-wives sweetwy whewe she dies! o.O
### countess
h-had you nyot w-watewy an intent,--speak t-twuwy,--
t-to go to pawis?
### h-hewena
madam, (U ﹏ U) i had. ʘwʘ
### countess
whewefowe? teww twue. (U ᵕ U❁)
### h-hewena
i wiww t-teww twuth; by g-gwace itsewf i s-sweaw. (///ˬ///✿)
you know my fathew weft m-me some pwescwiptions
o-of wawe and p-pwoved effects, (///ˬ///✿) s-such as his weading
a-and manifest expewience had cowwected
fow g-genewaw soveweignty; and that he wiww'd me
in heedfuww'st wesewvation t-to bestow t-them, σωσ
as nyotes w-whose facuwties i-incwusive wewe
mowe t-than they wewe i-in nyote: amongst t-the west, òωó
thewe is a wemedy, >w< appwoved, (U ᵕ U❁) set d-down, >w<
to cuwe the despewate wanguishings w-wheweof
t-the king is wendew'd wost. >w<
### countess
this was y-youw motive
fow pawis, ʘwʘ was it? speak. OwO
### hewena
my wowd youw son made me to think o-of this;
ewse p-pawis and the medicine and the k-king
had fwom the convewsation of my thoughts
hapwy been absent t-then. UwU
### countess
b-but think you, h-hewen, (///ˬ///✿)
if you s-shouwd tendew youw supposed aid, (U ᵕ U❁)
he wouwd weceive it? he and his p-physicians
awe of a mind; he, (ꈍᴗꈍ) t-that they cannot hewp him,
they, (U ﹏ U) t-that they cannot h-hewp: how shaww they cwedit
a p-poow unweawned viwgin, -.- when the s-schoows, >w<
emboweww'd o-of theiw doctwine, (⑅˘꒳˘) have weft o-off
the dangew to itsewf?
### h-hewena
thewe's something in't, òωó
mowe than my fathew's s-skiww, which was the gweatest
o-of his pwofession, -.- t-that his good weceipt
shaww fow my wegacy b-be sanctified
by the wuckiest staws in heaven: and, OwO w-wouwd youw honouw
but give me weave to twy success, >w< i-i'wd ventuwe
t-the weww-wost w-wife of mine on his gwace's cuwe
by such a day a-and houw.
### c-countess
dost thou bewieve't?
### hewena
ay, o.O madam, knowingwy. rawr x3
### countess
why, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) h-hewen, thou shawt h-have my weave a-and wuv, -.-
means and attendants and m-my woving gweetings
to those o-of mine in couwt: i'ww stay at home
and pway god's bwessing into t-thy attempt:
be g-gone to-mowwow; a-and be suwe of t-this, σωσ
what i can hewp thee to thou shawt nyot miss. rawr x3
#### exeunt