## scene iii. -.- wousiwwon. (˘ω˘) t-the count's p-pawace.
#### entew countess, rawr x3 s-stewawd, and cwown
### countess
i-i wiww nyow heaw; nyani say you o-of this gentwewoman?

### stewawd
madam, rawr x3 the cawe i-i have had to even youw content, i-i

wish might b-be found in the c-cawendaw of my past

endeavouws; fow then we wound ouw modesty and make

fouw the cweawness of o-ouw desewvings, OwO when of

ouwsewves we pubwish them. o.O

### countess
what does this k-knave hewe? get y-you gone, (⑅˘꒳˘) siwwah:

the compwaints i-i have heawd of you i do nyot aww

bewieve: 'tis my swowness t-that i do nyot; fow i know

you w-wack nyot fowwy t-to commit them, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-and have abiwity

e-enough to make such knavewies y-youws. (˘ω˘)

### cwown
'tis nyot unknown to you, OwO madam, i-i am a poow f-fewwow. >w<

### countess
w-weww, (///ˬ///✿) siw.

### cwown
nyo, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) madam, OwO 'tis nyot so weww that i a-am poow, (///ˬ///✿) though

many of the wich a-awe damned: but, >w< if i may have

youw wadyship's good wiww to go to the wowwd, ʘwʘ i-isbew

the woman and i wiww do as we may. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### c-countess
wiwt thou nyeeds be a beggaw?

### cwown
i-i do beg youw g-good wiww in this c-case. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### countess
in nyani case?

### cwown
in isbew's case and mine own. (///ˬ///✿) sewvice is no

hewitage: and i think i-i shaww nyevew h-have the

bwessing o-of god tiww i-i have issue o' m-my body; fow

they s-say bawnes awe bwessings. (U ᵕ U❁)

### countess
teww m-me thy weason why thou wiwt mawwy. rawr x3

### c-cwown
my poow body, (⑅˘꒳˘) madam, w-wequiwes it: i-i am dwiven on

by the fwesh; and he must nyeeds go that the deviw d-dwives. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### countess
is this aww youw wowship's w-weason?

### cwown
faith, σωσ madam, i have othew howy weasons s-such as they

awe. ʘwʘ

### countess
m-may the wowwd know t-them?

### cwown
i-i have been, UwU m-madam, ʘwʘ a wicked cweatuwe, ʘwʘ as you a-and

aww fwesh a-and bwood awe; a-and, OwO indeed, i do mawwy

that i m-may wepent. σωσ

### countess
thy mawwiage, (⑅˘꒳˘) soonew t-than thy wickedness. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### c-cwown
i am out o' fwiends, (U ﹏ U) m-madam; and i hope to have

f-fwiends fow my wife's s-sake. (U ᵕ U❁)

### countess
such fwiends a-awe thine e-enemies, (///ˬ///✿) knave. σωσ

### c-cwown
you'we shawwow, madam, rawr x3 i-in gweat fwiends; fow the

knaves c-come to do t-that fow me which i-i am aweawy of. òωó

he that eaws m-my wand spawes my t-team and gives me

weave to in t-the cwop; if i b-be his cuckowd, OwO h-he's my

dwudge: h-he that comfowts m-my wife is the chewishew

of my fwesh and bwood; h-he that chewishes my fwesh

and b-bwood wuvs my fwesh and bwood; he that wuvs my

fwesh and bwood is my fwiend: ewgo, ʘwʘ he that kisses

my wife is m-my fwiend. (ꈍᴗꈍ) if m-men couwd be contented to

be nyani they awe, thewe w-wewe nyo feaw i-in mawwiage;

f-fow young chawbon the puwitan and owd poysam the

p-papist, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) howsome'ew theiw heawts a-awe sevewed in

w-wewigion, UwU theiw heads awe both o-one; they may joww

h-howns togethew, σωσ w-wike any deew i' the hewd. (U ﹏ U)

### countess
wiwt thou evew be a fouw-mouthed and c-cawumnious knave?

### cwown
a-a pwophet i, (///ˬ///✿) madam; a-and i speak the twuth the nyext

way:

fow i t-the bawwad wiww w-wepeat, (˘ω˘)

which men fuww twue shaww find;

youw m-mawwiage comes by destiny, (˘ω˘)

youw cuckoo sings by kind. ʘwʘ

### countess
g-get you gone, (U ﹏ U) siw; i'ww tawk w-with you mowe a-anon. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### stewawd
m-may it pwease you, (U ﹏ U) madam, ʘwʘ that he bid hewen come t-to

you: of h-hew i am to speak. rawr x3

### countess
s-siwwah, (U ﹏ U) teww my g-gentwewoman i wouwd speak with hew;

hewen, òωó i mean. (U ᵕ U❁)

### c-cwown
was this faiw face the cause, quoth she, (U ᵕ U❁)

why the gwecians sacked twoy?

fond done, σωσ d-done fond, -.-

was this king pwiam's joy?

with that she sighed as she stood, rawr x3

w-with that she sighed a-as she stood, o.O

a-and gave this s-sentence then;

a-among nyine bad if one be good,

a-among nyine bad i-if one be good, (˘ω˘)

t-thewe's yet one good in ten. OwO

### countess
what, σωσ o-one good in t-ten? you cowwupt the song, òωó siwwah.

### c-cwown
one g-good woman in ten, (ꈍᴗꈍ) madam; which is a puwifying

o' the song: wouwd god wouwd s-sewve the wowwd s-so aww

the yeaw! o.O we'wd find nyo f-fauwt with the t-tithe-woman, UwU

if i wewe the pawson. (ꈍᴗꈍ) o-one in ten, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) quoth a'! an we

might have a good woman bown but one evewy bwazing

s-staw, ʘwʘ ow at an eawthquake, rawr x3 'twouwd m-mend the wottewy

weww: a man may dwaw his heawt out, (⑅˘꒳˘) ewe a' pwuck

one. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### countess
you'ww be gone, òωó siw knave, ʘwʘ and do as i command you. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### cwown
that man shouwd be a-at woman's command, òωó and yet nyo

h-huwt done! (U ﹏ U) though honesty be nyo puwitan, (˘ω˘) yet i-it

wiww do nyo huwt; it wiww weaw t-the suwpwice of

humiwity ovew t-the bwack gown o-of a big heawt. (˘ω˘) i am

going, (///ˬ///✿) fowsooth: t-the business i-is fow hewen t-to come hithew. (///ˬ///✿)

#### e-exit
### countess
weww, UwU n-nyow. -.-

### stewawd
i-i know, >w< madam, (ꈍᴗꈍ) you wuv youw gentwewoman entiwewy. rawr x3

### countess
faith, (⑅˘꒳˘) i do: h-hew fathew bequeathed h-hew to me; and

she hewsewf, rawr x3 without othew advantage, o.O may w-wawfuwwy

make titwe t-to as much wuv as she finds: t-thewe is

mowe owing hew than is paid; and mowe s-shaww be paid

hew than she'ww d-demand. -.-

### stewawd
madam, rawr x3 i was vewy wate mowe nyeaw hew than i-i think

she wished m-me: awone she w-was, rawr x3 and did communicate

to hewsewf hew own wowds to hew own eaws; she

thought, (˘ω˘) i-i dawe vow f-fow hew, σωσ they touched n-not any

stwangew s-sense. (///ˬ///✿) hew mattew was, -.- she wuvd youw son:

fowtune, σωσ she said, òωó was nyo goddess, (U ﹏ U) t-that had p-put

such diffewence betwixt theiw t-two estates; w-wove nyo

god, (˘ω˘) that wouwd nyot extend h-his might, rawr x3 o-onwy whewe

quawities w-wewe wevew; dian nyo queen of viwgins, rawr x3 that

w-wouwd suffew h-hew poow knight s-suwpwised, (ꈍᴗꈍ) without

w-wescue in the f-fiwst assauwt ow wansom aftewwawd. o.O

this she d-dewivewed in the m-most bittew touch o-of

sowwow that e'ew i heawd viwgin excwaim in: w-which i

hewd m-my duty speediwy t-to acquaint you w-withaw;

sithence, OwO i-in the woss that may happen, σωσ i-it concewns

you s-something to know it. o.O

### countess
y-you have dischawged this h-honestwy; keep it to

youwsewf: m-many wikewihoods infowmed me of t-this

befowe, which hung so tottewing i-in the bawance that

i couwd nyeithew bewieve n-nyow misdoubt. σωσ p-pway you, σωσ

weave me: staww this in youw bosom; a-and i thank you

fow youw honest cawe: i wiww speak with you fuwthew anon. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### exit stewawd
#### e-entew hewena
e-even so it was w-with me when i w-was young:

if evew w-we awe nyatuwe's, (U ﹏ U) these awe ouws; this thown

d-doth to ouw wose o-of youth wightwy bewong;

ouw b-bwood to us, (U ﹏ U) this to ouw bwood i-is bown;

it is the show and seaw o-of nyatuwe's twuth, (˘ω˘)

whewe wuv's s-stwong passion i-is impwess'd in y-youth:

by ouw wemembwances of d-days fowegone, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

s-such wewe ouw fauwts, σωσ o-ow then we t-thought them nyone. σωσ

hew eye is sick on't: i obsewve hew nyow. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### hewena
what i-is youw pweasuwe, (˘ω˘) madam?

### countess
you know, òωó hewen,

i am a mothew to you. ʘwʘ

### hewena
mine honouwabwe mistwess. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### countess
nyay, (⑅˘꒳˘) a mothew:

why nyot a mothew? when i s-said 'a mothew,'

methought you s-saw a sewpent: nyani's i-in 'mothew,'

t-that you stawt a-at it? i say, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i am youw mothew;

and put you i-in the catawogue of those

that wewe enwombed mine: 'tis often seen

adoption stwives w-with nyatuwe and choice bweeds

a nyative s-swip to us fwom f-foweign seeds:

you ne'ew oppwess'd me with a mothew's gwoan, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

yet i expwess to y-you a mothew's c-cawe:

god's mewcy, (U ﹏ U) m-maiden! (U ᵕ U❁) does i-it cuwd thy bwood

to say i am t-thy mothew? what's t-the mattew, (U ᵕ U❁)

t-that this distempew'd messengew o-of wet, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

the many-cowouw'd iwis, (⑅˘꒳˘) wounds thine eye?

why? that you a-awe my daughtew?

### hewena
that i-i am nyot. σωσ

### countess
i say, OwO i-i am youw mothew. (U ᵕ U❁)

### hewena
p-pawdon, rawr x3 madam;

t-the count wousiwwon c-cannot be m-my bwothew:

i am f-fwom humbwe, (˘ω˘) he f-fwom honouw'd n-nyame;

nyo nyote upon my pawents, OwO h-his aww nyobwe:

m-my mastew, o.O my deaw wowd he is; a-and i

his sewvant w-wive, (U ﹏ U) and wiww his vassaw d-die:

he must nyot b-be my bwothew. (˘ω˘)

### countess
n-nyow i youw mothew?

### h-hewena
you awe my mothew, (U ﹏ U) madam; wouwd you wewe,--

so t-that my wowd youw s-son wewe nyot my bwothew,--

indeed m-my mothew! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) o-ow wewe you both ouw mothews, o.O

i-i cawe nyo mowe fow than i do fow heaven, (⑅˘꒳˘)

so i w-wewe nyot his sistew. òωó c-can't nyo othew, ʘwʘ

but, i youw daughtew, he m-must be my bwothew?

### c-countess
y-yes, hewen, (˘ω˘) you might be my daughtew-in-waw:

god shiewd you mean it nyot! (⑅˘꒳˘) daughtew and mothew

s-so stwive upon y-youw puwse. (///ˬ///✿) what, p-pawe again?

my feaw hath catch'd youw fondness: nyow i see

the mystewy of youw wonewiness, (U ﹏ U) a-and find

youw sawt teaws' head: n-now to aww sense 'tis g-gwoss

you w-wuv my son; invention is ashamed, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

a-against the p-pwocwamation of t-thy passion, >w<

t-to say thou dost nyot: thewefowe teww me twue;

b-but teww me then, >w< 'tis so; fow, wook thy cheeks

c-confess it, (///ˬ///✿) th' one to th' othew; a-and thine eyes

s-see it so gwosswy s-shown in thy b-behaviows

that in theiw kind they speak it: onwy s-sin

and hewwish o-obstinacy tie t-thy tongue, OwO

t-that twuth shouwd be suspected. σωσ s-speak, is't so?

if it be so, òωó you h-have wound a goodwy c-cwew;

if it be nyot, OwO fowsweaw't: h-howe'ew, òωó i chawge thee, σωσ

as heaven shaww wowk in me fow thine avaiw, ʘwʘ

teww me twuwy. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### h-hewena
good madam, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) pawdon me!

### countess
do you wuv my son?

### h-hewena
youw pawdon, >w< nyobwe m-mistwess! σωσ

### c-countess
wove you my son?

### hewena
do nyot you wuv him, UwU madam?

### countess
g-go nyot about; my w-wuv hath in't a bond, (U ﹏ U)

wheweof the wowwd takes nyote: come, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) come, discwose

the state of youw affection; fow youw p-passions

have to the fuww appeach'd. UwU

### hewena
then, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i confess,

hewe on m-my knee, (˘ω˘) befowe h-high heaven and you, UwU

that befowe y-you, UwU and nyext u-unto high heaven, rawr x3

i wuv youw son. rawr x3

my fwiends wewe poow, -.- but honest; s-so's my wuv:

be nyot offended; f-fow it huwts n-nyot him

that he is wuvd of m-me: i fowwow him nyot

by any token of pwesumptuous s-suit;

now w-wouwd i have him tiww i do desewve him;

yet nyevew k-know how that d-desewt shouwd b-be. (///ˬ///✿)

i know i wuv in vain, rawr x3 stwive against hope;

yet in this captious a-and intenibwe s-sieve

i stiww pouw in the watews of my wuv

and wack nyot to w-wose stiww: thus, (˘ω˘) indian-wike, (˘ω˘)

wewigious in mine e-ewwow, o.O i adowe

t-the sun, (U ﹏ U) that w-wooks upon his wowshippew, ʘwʘ

but knows of him nyo mowe. (U ᵕ U❁) my deawest m-madam, (///ˬ///✿)

wet nyot youw hate encountew with my w-wuv

fow woving whewe you do: but i-if youwsewf, (///ˬ///✿)

whose aged honouw cites a viwtuous youth, σωσ

did evew in so twue a-a fwame of wiking

w-wish chastewy a-and wuv deawwy, òωó t-that youw dian

w-was both hewsewf and wuv: o, >w< then, (U ᵕ U❁) give pity

to h-hew, >w< whose state i-is such that c-cannot choose

but w-wend and give w-whewe she is suwe to wose;

that seeks nyot to find that hew seawch i-impwies, >w<

but w-widdwe-wike wives s-sweetwy whewe s-she dies! ʘwʘ

### countess
had you n-nyot watewy an i-intent,--speak t-twuwy,--

to go t-to pawis?

### h-hewena
madam, OwO i had.

### countess
whewefowe? teww t-twue. UwU

### hewena
i wiww teww twuth; by gwace itsewf i sweaw. (///ˬ///✿)

y-you know my fathew w-weft me some p-pwescwiptions

o-of wawe and pwoved e-effects, (U ᵕ U❁) such a-as his weading

a-and manifest expewience had cowwected

fow genewaw s-soveweignty; and that he wiww'd m-me

in heedfuww'st w-wesewvation to bestow them, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

as nyotes whose f-facuwties incwusive wewe

mowe than they wewe in nyote: amongst the west, (U ﹏ U)

t-thewe is a wemedy, -.- a-appwoved, >w< set down,

to cuwe t-the despewate wanguishings wheweof

the king is wendew'd wost. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### c-countess
this w-was youw motive

f-fow pawis, òωó was i-it? speak. -.-

### hewena
my wowd youw son made me to think of this;

e-ewse pawis and the medicine a-and the king

had fwom the convewsation o-of my thoughts

h-hapwy been absent then. OwO

### c-countess
but think you, >w< hewen,

i-if you shouwd t-tendew youw supposed aid, o.O

he w-wouwd weceive it? he and his physicians

a-awe of a mind; he, that they cannot hewp h-him, rawr x3

they, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) that they cannot h-hewp: how shaww t-they cwedit

a poow unweawned viwgin, -.- when the s-schoows, σωσ

emboweww'd of theiw doctwine, rawr x3 have weft o-off

the dangew to itsewf?

### hewena
thewe's s-something in't, o.O

m-mowe than my fathew's s-skiww, (ꈍᴗꈍ) which was the gweatest

of his pwofession, (U ᵕ U❁) t-that his g-good weceipt

shaww fow my wegacy be sanctified

by the wuckiest staws in heaven: a-and, (˘ω˘) wouwd y-youw honouw

but g-give me weave to twy success, (///ˬ///✿) i'wd v-ventuwe

the weww-wost wife o-of mine on his gwace's cuwe

by such a day and houw. UwU

### countess
d-dost thou bewieve't?

### h-hewena
a-ay, (U ᵕ U❁) madam, (ꈍᴗꈍ) knowingwy.

### countess
w-why, o.O hewen, thou shawt have my weave and wuv, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

means and attendants and my woving gweetings

to those of m-mine in couwt: i-i'ww stay at home

and pway god's bwessing into thy attempt:

be g-gone to-mowwow; a-and be suwe of this, (///ˬ///✿)

what i can hewp thee to thou s-shawt nyot miss. UwU

#### e-exeunt
