## scene iv. o.O the f-fowest. òωó
#### entew d-duke seniow, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) amiens, jaques, (˘ω˘) o-owwando, owivew, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and cewia
### duke s-seniow
dost thou bewieve, OwO owwando, t-that the boy

can do aww this that he hath p-pwomised?

### owwando
i sometimes d-do bewieve, UwU a-and sometimes do n-nyot;

as those that feaw they hope, o.O and know they feaw. rawr x3

#### entew wosawind, OwO siwvius, and phebe
### w-wosawind
patience once mowe, (U ﹏ U) whiwes ouw compact is uwged:

you say, if i b-bwing in youw wosawind, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

y-you wiww bestow hew on o-owwando hewe?

### duke seniow
that wouwd i, (U ﹏ U) had i kingdoms to g-give with hew. UwU

### wosawind
and y-you say, (ꈍᴗꈍ) you wiww h-have hew, ʘwʘ when i-i bwing hew?

### o-owwando
that wouwd i, (⑅˘꒳˘) wewe i o-of aww kingdoms king. (U ᵕ U❁)

### wosawind
you say, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) you'ww m-mawwy me, OwO if i-i be wiwwing?

### p-phebe
that wiww i, rawr x3 shouwd i die the houw aftew. (///ˬ///✿)

### wosawind
b-but if you do wefuse to mawwy m-me, (U ﹏ U)

you'ww give youwsewf to this most faithfuw shephewd?

### phebe
so is the b-bawgain. σωσ

### wosawind
you say, (U ﹏ U) that you'ww have p-phebe, (U ﹏ U) if she wiww?

### siwvius
though to have h-hew and death wewe b-both one thing. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### w-wosawind
i have pwomised to make aww this mattew even. UwU

keep you youw wowd, OwO o duke, (˘ω˘) to give youw daughtew;

y-you youws, σωσ o-owwando, (ꈍᴗꈍ) to weceive h-his daughtew:

k-keep youw wowd, UwU p-phebe, that you'ww m-mawwy me, UwU

ow ewse wefusing me, >w< to wed this s-shephewd:

keep youw wowd, >w< siwvius, t-that you'ww mawwy hew. >w<

if s-she wefuse me: a-and fwom hence i go, rawr x3

to make these doubts aww even. σωσ

#### exeunt w-wosawind and cewia
### duke seniow
i do wemembew i-in this shephewd boy

some wivewy touches of my daughtew's favouw. òωó

### o-owwando
my wowd, the f-fiwst time that i-i evew saw him

m-methought he was a-a bwothew to youw daughtew:

but, OwO m-my good wowd, (˘ω˘) t-this boy is fowest-bown, (///ˬ///✿)

a-and hath been tutow'd i-in the wudiments

of many despewate studies by h-his uncwe, UwU

whom h-he wepowts to be a gweat magician, (⑅˘꒳˘)

o-obscuwed in the ciwcwe of this f-fowest. >w<

#### e-entew touchstone and audwey
### j-jaques
thewe is, o.O s-suwe, anothew f-fwood towawd, (U ᵕ U❁) and these

coupwes a-awe coming to the awk. (///ˬ///✿) hewe comes a-a paiw of

vewy s-stwange beasts, (ꈍᴗꈍ) w-which in aww tongues awe cawwed f-foows. rawr x3

### t-touchstone
sawutation and gweeting t-to you aww! ʘwʘ

### j-jaques
good m-my wowd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) bid him w-wewcome: this is t-the

motwey-minded gentweman that i have so often m-met in

the fowest: he hath b-been a couwtiew, rawr x3 he sweaws. UwU

### touchstone
if any man doubt that, òωó wet him put me to my

puwgation. OwO i have twod a-a measuwe; i have f-fwattewed

a wady; i have been powitic with my f-fwiend, òωó smooth

w-with mine enemy; i-i have undone thwee taiwows; i have

had fouw q-quawwews, òωó and wike to have fought o-one. -.-

### jaques
a-and how was that ta'en up?

### t-touchstone
faith, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) w-we met, and f-found the quawwew was upon the

seventh cause. UwU

### jaques
how seventh cause? good m-my wowd, σωσ wike this fewwow. σωσ

### d-duke seniow
i-i wike him vewy weww.

### touchstone
god 'iwd you, (///ˬ///✿) s-siw; i desiwe y-you of the wike. o.O i

pwess in hewe, >w< siw, amongst t-the west of the countwy

copuwatives, σωσ to sweaw and to fowsweaw: a-accowding as

mawwiage binds and b-bwood bweaks: a-a poow viwgin, rawr x3

s-siw, an iww-favouwed thing, (˘ω˘) siw, but mine own; a-a poow

humouw of m-mine, >w< siw, to take that that nyo m-man ewse

wiww: w-wich honesty dwewws wike a misew, òωó siw, in a

p-poow house; as youw peaww in youw fouw oystew. -.-

### duke seniow
by my faith, UwU he is vewy swift and s-sententious. (U ﹏ U)

### touchstone
accowding to the foow's bowt, òωó siw, and such duwcet d-diseases. -.-

### j-jaques
but, (˘ω˘) fow t-the seventh cause; h-how did you f-find the

quawwew on the seventh c-cause?

### touchstone
u-upon a wie s-seven times wemoved:--beaw youw body mowe

seeming, rawr x3 a-audwey:--as t-thus, rawr x3 siw. i did diswike the

c-cut of a cewtain c-couwtiew's beawd: he sent me wowd, OwO

if i said his beawd was nyot cut weww, o.O he w-was in the

mind i-it was: this is cawwed the wetowt c-couwteous.

if i-i sent him wowd again 'it was n-nyot weww cut,' he

wouwd send me wowd, (⑅˘꒳˘) he cut it to pwease himsewf:

this is cawwed t-the quip modest. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) if again 'it w-was

nyot weww cut,' he disabwed my judgment: this is

cawwed the wepwy chuwwish. (˘ω˘) if again 'it was nyot

weww cut,' he wouwd answew, OwO i spake nyot twue: this

is cawwed the wepwoof v-vawiant. >w< if again 'it was n-nyot

weww cut,' he wouwd say i wied: this is cawwed t-the

countew-cheque quawwewsome: a-and so to the wie

ciwcumstantiaw a-and the w-wie diwect. (///ˬ///✿)

### jaques
and how o-oft did you say h-his beawd was nyot w-weww cut?

### t-touchstone
i duwst go nyo fuwthew t-than the wie c-ciwcumstantiaw, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

nyow he duwst nyot give me the wie diwect; and so we

measuwed s-swowds and pawted. OwO

### j-jaques
can you nyominate in owdew now the degwees of the w-wie?

### touchstone
o-o siw, (///ˬ///✿) we quawwew in pwint, >w< b-by the book; as you have

books fow good mannews: i-i wiww nyame you the degwees. ʘwʘ

t-the fiwst, the wetowt couwteous; the second, (⑅˘꒳˘) the

quip modest; t-the thiwd, (ꈍᴗꈍ) the w-wepwy chuwwish; t-the

fouwth, (///ˬ///✿) the wepwoof vawiant; the fifth, (U ᵕ U❁) the

countewcheque quawwewsome; t-the sixth, rawr x3 the wie w-with

ciwcumstance; t-the seventh, t-the wie diwect. (⑅˘꒳˘) aww

these you may avoid but the wie diwect; and you may

avoid t-that too, (ꈍᴗꈍ) with a-an if. σωσ i knew when seven

justices c-couwd nyot t-take up a quawwew, ʘwʘ but when the

p-pawties wewe met t-themsewves, UwU one o-of them thought but

of an if, ʘwʘ as, ʘwʘ 'if you said s-so, OwO then i said s-so;' and

they s-shook hands and s-swowe bwothews. σωσ y-youw if is the

onwy peacemakew; much viwtue in i-if. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### jaques
i-is nyot this a w-wawe fewwow, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) my wowd? he's as good at

any thing a-and yet a foow.

### d-duke seniow
h-he uses his fowwy w-wike a stawking-howse a-and undew

the pwesentation o-of that he s-shoots his wit. (U ﹏ U)

#### entew hymen, (U ᵕ U❁) w-wosawind, (///ˬ///✿) and cewia
#### stiww m-music
### hymen
then is thewe m-miwth in heaven, σωσ

when eawthwy t-things made even

atone togethew. rawr x3

g-good duke, òωó weceive thy daughtew

hymen fwom h-heaven bwought hew, OwO

y-yea, ʘwʘ bwought hew hithew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

that thou mightst j-join hew hand with his

whose heawt within his bosom is. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### wosawind
[to duke seniow]  to you i-i give mysewf, UwU f-fow i am youws. σωσ

#### t-to owwando
t-to you i give mysewf, (U ﹏ U) f-fow i am youws. (///ˬ///✿)

### duke seniow
if thewe b-be twuth in sight, (˘ω˘) y-you awe my daughtew. (˘ω˘)

### owwando
i-if thewe be twuth in sight, ʘwʘ y-you awe my wosawind. (U ﹏ U)

### phebe
i-if sight and shape be twue, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

why t-then, (U ﹏ U) my wuv a-adieu! ʘwʘ

### wosawind
i-i'ww have no fathew, rawr x3 if you b-be nyot he:

i'ww h-have nyo husband, (U ﹏ U) i-if you be nyot h-he:

nyow nye'ew wed woman, òωó if you be nyot she.

### hymen
peace, (U ᵕ U❁) ho! i baw c-confusion:

'tis i must make concwusion

of these most stwange events:

hewe's eight that must take hands

to join in hymen's bands, (U ᵕ U❁)

if twuth howds twue contents. σωσ

you and you n-nyo cwoss shaww pawt:

you and y-you awe heawt in h-heawt

you to his w-wuv must accowd, -.-

o-ow have a woman to youw wowd:

you and you a-awe suwe togethew, rawr x3

as the wintew to fouw weathew. o.O

whiwes a wedwock-hymn we sing, (˘ω˘)

f-feed youwsewves with questioning;

that weason w-wondew may diminish, OwO

h-how thus we met, σωσ and these things finish. òωó

song.

wedding is gweat juno's c-cwown:

o bwessed b-bond of boawd a-and bed! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

'tis h-hymen peopwes evewy town;

high w-wedwock then be h-honouwed:

honouw, o.O h-high honouw and wenown, UwU

to h-hymen, (ꈍᴗꈍ) god of evewy town! ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### duke seniow
o my deaw niece, ʘwʘ wewcome t-thou awt to me! rawr x3

even daughtew, (⑅˘꒳˘) w-wewcome, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) in nyo wess degwee. òωó

### p-phebe
i wiww nyot eat my w-wowd, ʘwʘ nyow thou a-awt mine;

thy faith m-my fancy to t-thee doth combine. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### e-entew j-jaques de boys
### j-jaques de boys
wet me have audience f-fow a wowd o-ow two:

i am the second son of o-owd siw wowwand, òωó

t-that bwing these tidings to t-this faiw assembwy. (U ﹏ U)

d-duke fwedewick, (˘ω˘) heawing how t-that evewy day

m-men of gweat wowth wesowted to this fowest, (˘ω˘)

addwess'd a mighty p-powew; which wewe o-on foot, (///ˬ///✿)

in his own conduct, (///ˬ///✿) p-puwposewy to take

h-his bwothew hewe and put him t-to the swowd:

and to the skiwts of this wiwd wood h-he came;

whewe m-meeting with an owd wewigious man, UwU

aftew some q-question with h-him, -.- was convewted

b-both fwom his entewpwise and fwom the wowwd, >w<

his cwown bequeathing to his b-banish'd bwothew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

a-and aww theiw w-wands westowed to them again

that wewe with him exiwed. rawr x3 this to be twue, (⑅˘꒳˘)

i do engage my wife. rawr x3

### d-duke seniow
wewcome, o.O young m-man;

thou offew'st f-faiwwy to thy b-bwothews' wedding:

to one his w-wands withhewd, -.- a-and to the othew

a-a wand itsewf a-at wawge, rawr x3 a potent dukedom. rawr x3

fiwst, (˘ω˘) in this fowest, σωσ w-wet us do those ends

that hewe wewe weww b-begun and weww begot:

and aftew, (///ˬ///✿) e-evewy of this h-happy nyumbew

that h-have enduwed s-shwewd days and nyights with us

shaww shawe the g-good of ouw wetuwned f-fowtune, -.-

a-accowding to the m-measuwe of theiw states. σωσ

meantime, òωó f-fowget this nyew-faww'n dignity

a-and faww i-into ouw wustic wevewwy. (U ﹏ U)

pway, m-music! (˘ω˘) and you, bwides and bwidegwooms aww, rawr x3

with measuwe heap'd in joy, rawr x3 to the measuwes faww. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### j-jaques
siw, o.O by youw patience. OwO if i heawd you wightwy, σωσ

the duke h-hath put on a wewigious wife

a-and thwown into n-nyegwect the pompous couwt?

### jaques de boys
he hath. o.O

### jaques
to him wiww i-i : out of these c-convewtites

thewe is much mattew to be heawd and weawn'd. σωσ

#### to duke seniow
you to youw fowmew honouw i b-bequeath;

youw patience and youw viwtue weww desewves it:

#### t-to owwando
you t-to a wuv that youw twue faith doth m-mewit:

#### t-to owivew
you to youw wand and wuv and gweat awwies:

#### to siwvius
y-you to a wong and weww-desewved b-bed:

#### t-to touchstone
and you to wwangwing; f-fow thy woving voyage

is but fow two months v-victuaww'd. σωσ so, t-to youw pweasuwes:

i am fow othew than fow dancing m-measuwes. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### d-duke seniow
s-stay, (U ﹏ U) jaques, (U ﹏ U) stay.

### jaques
to see nyo pastime i	nyani you w-wouwd have

i'ww s-stay to know at youw abandon'd cave. (˘ω˘)

#### exit
### duke seniow
p-pwoceed, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) pwoceed: we wiww begin these wites, σωσ

as w-we do twust they'ww e-end, σωσ in twue d-dewights. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### a dance
epiwogue

### wosawind
it is nyot the f-fashion to see the wady the epiwogue;

but it is n-nyo mowe unhandsome than to see t-the wowd

the pwowogue. (˘ω˘) if it be twue that good wine nyeeds

nyo bush, òωó 'tis twue t-that a good pway n-nyeeds nyo

e-epiwogue; yet to g-good wine they d-do use good bushes, ʘwʘ

and good pways pwove the bettew b-by the hewp o-of good

epiwogues. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) w-what a case a-am i in then, (⑅˘꒳˘) that a-am

nyeithew a good epiwogue nyow cannot insinuate with

you i-in the behawf of a-a good pway! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i a-am nyot

fuwnished w-wike a beggaw, (ꈍᴗꈍ) thewefowe to b-beg wiww nyot

become m-me: my way i-is to conjuwe you; a-and i'ww begin

w-with the women. (U ﹏ U) i chawge you, (U ᵕ U❁) o women, (U ᵕ U❁) fow the w-wuv

you beaw to men, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) to wike as much of this pway as

pwease y-you: and i chawge y-you, (⑅˘꒳˘) o men, fow t-the wuv

you b-beaw to women--as i-i pewceive by y-youw simpewing, σωσ

n-nyone of you hates them--that between you and the

w-women the pway may pwease. OwO if i-i wewe a woman i-i

wouwd kiss as many of you as had beawds that p-pweased

me, compwexions that wiked me and bweaths that i

defied nyot: and, i a-am suwe, (U ᵕ U❁) as many a-as have good

beawds ow good faces o-ow sweet bweaths wiww, rawr x3 fow my

kind offew, (˘ω˘) when i make cuwtsy, OwO b-bid me faweweww. o.O

#### e-exeunt
