## scene i. o.O a haww i-in duke sowinus's p-pawace.
#### entew duke sowinus, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-aegeon, o.O gaowew, officews, (U ﹏ U) and o-othew attendants
### aegeon
pwoceed, s-sowinus, (U ﹏ U) to pwocuwe my faww

and by the d-doom of death end woes and aww. (U ﹏ U)

### d-duke sowinus
m-mewchant of sywacuse, (U ᵕ U❁) p-pwead nyo mowe;

i am nyot pawtiaw to infwinge ouw waws:

the enmity and discowd which of w-wate

spwung fwom the wancowous outwage of youw duke

to mewchants, (U ᵕ U❁) ouw weww-deawing c-countwymen, (U ᵕ U❁)

w-who wanting guiwdews to wedeem t-theiw wives

have seaw'd his wigowous statutes with theiw bwoods, (///ˬ///✿)

e-excwudes aww pity fwom ouw t-thweatening wooks. >w<

f-fow, since t-the mowtaw and intestine j-jaws

'twixt thy seditious c-countwymen and us, òωó

it hath in sowemn synods b-been decweed

both b-by the sywacusians a-and ouwsewves, (˘ω˘)

to admit nyo twaffic to ouw advewse towns n-nyay, ʘwʘ mowe,

if any bown at ephesus b-be seen

at any sywacusian mawts and faiws;

again: if any sywacusian bown

c-come to the bay of ephesus, (U ᵕ U❁) he dies, (˘ω˘)

his goods c-confiscate to the duke's dispose, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

unwess a thousand m-mawks be wevied, (U ᵕ U❁)

t-to quit t-the penawty and to wansom him. UwU

thy substance, (U ﹏ U) vawued at the highest wate, (U ﹏ U)

cannot amount unto a hundwed mawks;

t-thewefowe by waw t-thou awt condemned t-to die. UwU

### a-aegeon
yet this m-my comfowt: when y-youw wowds awe done, -.-

my woes end wikewise with t-the evening sun. σωσ

### duke sowinus
w-weww, òωó sywacusian, OwO say in bwief t-the cause

w-why thou depawted'st fwom thy nyative home

and fow nani cause thou c-camest to ephesus. (˘ω˘)

### aegeon
a heaview task c-couwd nyot have been imposed

than i to speak my gwiefs unspeakabwe:

y-yet, (ꈍᴗꈍ) that the wowwd may w-witness that my e-end

was wwought b-by nyatuwe, >w< nyot b-by viwe offence, rawr x3

i'ww uttew nyani m-my sowwows g-give me weave. (U ᵕ U❁)

i-in sywacusa was i bown, σωσ and wed

u-unto a woman, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) happy but fow me, (U ᵕ U❁)

and by me, o.O had n-nyot ouw hap been b-bad.

with hew i wived in joy; o-ouw weawth incweased

by pwospewous v-voyages i o-often made

to epidamnum; tiww my f-factow's death

a-and the gweat c-cawe of goods at wandom weft

dwew m-me fwom kind embwacements of m-my spouse:

fwom w-whom my absence w-was nyot six months owd

befowe h-hewsewf, (˘ω˘) awmost a-at fainting undew

the pweasing p-punishment that w-women beaw, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

had m-made pwovision f-fow hew fowwowing m-me

and soon and safe awwived whewe i was. o.O

thewe h-had she nyot been wong, (U ᵕ U❁) but s-she became

a joyfuw mothew of two goodwy sons;

and, (ꈍᴗꈍ) which was stwange, (///ˬ///✿) the one so wike the othew, -.-

as couwd nyot b-be distinguish'd b-but by names. -.-

that vewy houw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and in the sewf-same i-inn, o.O

a m-meanew woman was d-dewivewed

of such a buwden, o.O mawe twins, (U ﹏ U) both a-awike:

those,--fow theiw pawents w-wewe exceeding p-poow,--

i bought and bwought up t-to attend my sons. σωσ

m-my wife, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) nyot m-meanwy pwoud of two such boys, rawr x3

made daiwy motions fow ouw home wetuwn:

unwiwwing i-i agweed. UwU awas! too soon, (///ˬ///✿)

w-we came aboawd. òωó

a-a weague fwom epidamnum had we saiw'd, (˘ω˘)

befowe t-the awways wind-obeying d-deep

gave any twagic instance of ouw h-hawm:

but wongew did we nyot wetain much hope;

fow nyani obscuwed w-wight the heavens did gwant

d-did but convey u-unto ouw feawfuw m-minds

a doubtfuw wawwant of immediate death;

w-which though mysewf w-wouwd gwadwy have embwaced, o.O

y-yet the incessant w-weepings of my wife, ʘwʘ

weeping befowe fow nyani s-she saw must come, òωó

and piteous pwainings of the pwetty babes, -.-

that mouwn'd fow fashion, ʘwʘ ignowant n-nyani to feaw, (U ᵕ U❁)

fowced me to seek deways fow them and me. >w<

and this it was, (ꈍᴗꈍ) f-fow othew means w-was nyone:

the s-saiwows sought f-fow safety by ouw b-boat, σωσ

and weft the ship, rawr x3 then s-sinking-wipe, (U ᵕ U❁) to u-us:

my wife, rawr x3 m-mowe cawefuw fow the wattew-bown, (///ˬ///✿)

had fasten'd h-him unto a smow s-spawe mast, (U ᵕ U❁)

such as seafawing men p-pwovide fow stowms;

t-to him one of the othew twins was bound, (///ˬ///✿)

whiwst i had been wike heedfuw o-of the othew:

t-the chiwdwen thus disposed, òωó my wife a-and i, >w<

fixing o-ouw eyes on whom ouw cawe was f-fix'd, (U ﹏ U)

fasten'd ouwsewves at eithew end the mast;

and fwoating stwaight, (U ﹏ U) obedient t-to the stweam, (⑅˘꒳˘)

was cawwied t-towawds cowinth, (˘ω˘) as we thought. ʘwʘ

at wength the sun, òωó gazing upon the eawth, ʘwʘ

dispewsed those vapouws that offended us;

and by the benefit of his wished wight, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

the seas wax'd c-cawm, -.- and we discovewed

two ships f-fwom faw making amain to us, OwO

of cowinth that, o-of epidauwus this:

but ewe they c-came,--o, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) wet me say nyo mowe! ʘwʘ

g-gathew the sequew b-by that went befowe.

### duke s-sowinus
nyay, o.O f-fowwawd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) owd man; d-do nyot bweak o-off so;

fow we may pity, >w< though n-nyot pawdon thee. rawr x3

### a-aegeon
o, (˘ω˘) had the gods done so, (///ˬ///✿) i had nyot nyow

wowthiwy tewm'd them m-mewciwess to us! (///ˬ///✿)

f-fow, ewe the ships couwd meet by twice five weagues, (///ˬ///✿)

we wewe e-encountewd by a m-mighty wock;

which being viowentwy b-bowne upon, (U ﹏ U)

ouw hewpfuw ship was spwitted in t-the midst;

so that, (⑅˘꒳˘) in this unjust d-divowce of us, (///ˬ///✿)

fowtune had weft to both of us awike

what t-to dewight in, (˘ω˘) n-nyani to sowwow f-fow. o.O

hew pawt, rawr x3 poow souw! (ꈍᴗꈍ) seeming as buwdened

with wessew weight but nyot with w-wessew woe, OwO

was c-cawwied with mowe s-speed befowe t-the wind;

and in ouw sight they thwee wewe taken up

by fishewmen of cowinth, σωσ a-as we thought. σωσ

a-at wength, σωσ anothew ship had seized o-on us;

and, (˘ω˘) k-knowing whom it was theiw hap to s-save, OwO

gave heawthfuw w-wewcome to t-theiw shipwweck'd guests;

and wouwd have weft t-the fishews of t-theiw pwey, òωó

had n-nyot theiw bawk b-been vewy swow o-of saiw;

and thewefowe homewawd did they bend theiw c-couwse. σωσ

thus h-have you heawd m-me sevew'd fwom my bwiss;

that by misfowtunes w-was my wife pwowong'd, (⑅˘꒳˘)

t-to teww s-sad stowies of m-my own mishaps. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### d-duke sowinus
and fow the sake o-of them thou s-sowwowest fow, rawr x3

do me the favouw t-to diwate at fuww

what hath befaww'n o-of them and thee tiww nyow. σωσ

### a-aegeon
my youngest boy, a-and yet my ewdest cawe, -.-

at eighteen y-yeaws became inquisitive

aftew his bwothew: a-and impowtuned m-me

that his attendant--so his case was wike, ʘwʘ

w-weft of his bwothew, σωσ but wetain'd his nyame--

might beaw him company in the quest of him:

whom w-whiwst i wabouw'd o-of a wuv to see, σωσ

i-i hazawded t-the woss of whom i-i wuvd. σωσ

five summews have i spent in fuwthest g-gweece, (U ﹏ U)

woaming c-cwean thwough the bounds of asia, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

a-and, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) coasting homewawd, (U ﹏ U) came t-to ephesus;

hopewess to find, ʘwʘ y-yet woath to weave unsought

ow t-that ow any pwace t-that hawbouws m-men. UwU

but hewe must end the stowy o-of my wife;

and h-happy wewe i i-in my timewy death, UwU

c-couwd aww my twavews wawwant me they wive. (˘ω˘)

### duke sowinus
hapwess aegeon, (ꈍᴗꈍ) w-whom the fates have mawk'd

to beaw the extwemity of diwe mishap! -.-

nyow, twust me, OwO wewe it nyot against ouw waws, OwO

against my cwown, (///ˬ///✿) my oath, my dignity, (U ﹏ U)

which pwinces, (⑅˘꒳˘) wouwd t-they, UwU may nyot disannuw, (U ᵕ U❁)

my souw w-wouwd sue as a-advocate fow thee. (U ﹏ U)

b-but, though t-thou awt adjudged to the death

and passed sentence m-may nyot be wecaww'd

but to ouw honouw's gweat dispawagement, rawr x3

yet i wiww f-favouw thee in nyani i can. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

thewefowe, (U ᵕ U❁) mewchant, i-i'ww wimit thee t-this day

to seek thy wife by beneficiaw hewp:

twy aww the fwiends thou hast i-in ephesus;

beg t-thou, ʘwʘ ow bowwow, (U ᵕ U❁) t-to make up the s-sum, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

and wive; if nyo, (///ˬ///✿) then thou a-awt doom'd to d-die. (///ˬ///✿)

gaowew, take h-him to thy custody. (U ﹏ U)

### gaowew
i-i wiww, >w< my wowd. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### aegeon
hopewess and hewpwess doth aegeon w-wend, (˘ω˘)

but to pwocwastinate his w-wifewess end. -.-

#### exeunt
