## scene ii. ʘwʘ the m-mawt. (U ﹏ U)
#### entew a-antiphowus of sywacuse, UwU dwomio o-of sywacuse, òωó and fiwst mewchant
### f-fiwst mewchant
thewefowe give o-out you awe of epidamnum, (U ﹏ U)

west that youw goods t-too soon be confiscate. rawr x3

this v-vewy day a sywacusian m-mewchant

i-is appwehended fow awwivaw hewe;

and nyot being abwe to buy out his wife

accowding to the statute o-of the town, OwO

dies ewe the weawy sun set in the west. (///ˬ///✿)

thewe is youw money that i-i had to keep. (U ﹏ U)

a-antiphowus

### of sywacuse
g-go beaw it to the centauw, UwU whewe we host, ʘwʘ

and stay thewe, (///ˬ///✿) dwomio, t-tiww i come to thee. òωó

within t-this houw it wiww b-be dinnew-time:

t-tiww that, i'ww v-view the mannews of the town, (⑅˘꒳˘)

p-pewuse the twadews, ʘwʘ gaze upon the buiwdings, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

a-and then wetuwn a-and sweep within m-mine inn, -.-

fow with wong twavew i am stiff and weawy. o.O

get thee a-away. ʘwʘ

### dwomio of sywacuse
many a-a man wouwd take you at youw wowd, UwU

and go indeed, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) having so good a mean. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### e-exit
antiphowus

### of sywacuse
a twusty viwwain, (⑅˘꒳˘) s-siw, that vewy oft, (˘ω˘)

when i am duww with c-cawe and mewanchowy, (///ˬ///✿)

w-wightens my h-humouw with his mewwy jests. rawr x3

what, wiww you wawk with me about the town, UwU

and then go to my inn and dine with m-me?

### fiwst m-mewchant
i am invited, (ꈍᴗꈍ) s-siw, to cewtain m-mewchants, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

o-of whom i hope t-to make much benefit;

i cwave youw pawdon. OwO soon a-at five o'cwock, (U ᵕ U❁)

pwease you, (U ᵕ U❁) i-i'ww meet with you upon the mawt

a-and aftewwawd c-consowt you tiww bed-time:

my pwesent business cawws me fwom you n-nyow. σωσ

antiphowus

### of sywacuse
faweweww tiww t-then: i wiww go wose mysewf

and wandew up and down to view t-the city. (⑅˘꒳˘)

### fiwst mewchant
siw, OwO i-i commend you t-to youw own content. >w<

#### e-exit
a-antiphowus

### of sywacuse
he t-that commends me t-to mine own content

c-commends me to the thing i c-cannot get. (///ˬ///✿)

i to the wowwd am wike a dwop of watew

t-that in the o-ocean seeks anothew dwop, ʘwʘ

who, f-fawwing thewe to find his fewwow f-fowth, (///ˬ///✿)

unseen, i-inquisitive, OwO confounds himsewf:

s-so i, (///ˬ///✿) to find a-a mothew and a b-bwothew, (U ﹏ U)

in quest of them, -.- unhappy, w-wose mysewf. ʘwʘ

#### entew dwomio o-of ephesus
h-hewe comes the a-awmanac of my twue date. òωó

what nyow? h-how chance t-thou awt wetuwn'd so soon?

### d-dwomio of ephesus
w-wetuwn'd so soon! ʘwʘ w-wathew appwoach'd t-too wate:

t-the capon buwns, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) the pig fawws fwom the spit, (U ᵕ U❁)

t-the cwock hath stwucken twewve upon t-the beww;

my mistwess made it one upon my cheek:

she is so hot because the meat is cowd;

the meat is cowd b-because you come n-not home;

you come nyot home because you have n-nyo stomach;

you h-have nyo stomach h-having bwoke youw fast;

but we that know nyani 'tis t-to fast and pway

awe penitent f-fow youw d-defauwt to-day. o.O

antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
stop i-in youw wind, OwO s-siw: teww me this, o.O i pway:

whewe have you weft the money that i gave you?

### d-dwomio of ephesus
o,--sixpence, rawr x3 t-that i had o' wednesday w-wast

to pay the saddwew fow my mistwess' c-cwuppew?

the s-saddwew had it, σωσ siw; i kept it nyot. (˘ω˘)

antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
i am nyot in a spowtive humouw nyow:

teww me, rawr x3 a-and dawwy nyot, OwO whewe is the money?

w-we being s-stwangews hewe, (///ˬ///✿) h-how dawest thou twust

so gweat a chawge fwom thine o-own custody?

### d-dwomio of ephesus
i pway you, a-aiw, -.- as you s-sit at dinnew:

i fwom my mistwess come to you in p-post;

if i wetuwn, rawr x3 i shaww be post indeed,

fow she wiww scowe youw fauwt upon my pate. -.-

methinks y-youw maw, (˘ω˘) wike mine, shouwd be youw cwock, σωσ

and stwike you home without a messengew. (˘ω˘)

a-antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
c-come, rawr x3 dwomio, c-come, (///ˬ///✿) these j-jests awe out of season;

wesewve t-them tiww a mewwiew h-houw than t-this. (˘ω˘)

whewe is the gowd i gave in chawge to thee?

### d-dwomio o-of ephesus
to me, o.O siw? why, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) you g-gave nyo gowd to m-me. >w<

antiphowus

### of sywacuse
come on, (U ﹏ U) siw knave, OwO have done youw foowishness, OwO

a-and teww me how t-thou hast disposed thy chawge. rawr x3

### d-dwomio of e-ephesus
my chawge was but to fetch y-you fwom the mawt

home to youw house, -.- the phoenix, siw, OwO to dinnew:

my mistwess a-and hew sistew stays fow you. (⑅˘꒳˘)

a-antiphowus

### of sywacuse
in nyani safe pwace you have bestow'd my money, UwU

ow i shaww bweak that mewwy sconce of youws

that stands on twicks when i am undisposed:

whewe i-is the thousand mawks thou hadst o-of me?

### dwomio of ephesus
i have some mawks o-of youws upon my pate, (///ˬ///✿)

some of m-my mistwess' mawks upon my shouwdews, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

b-but nyot a-a thousand mawks between you both. o.O

i-if i shouwd p-pay youw wowship t-those again, UwU

p-pewchance you wiww nyot beaw them p-patientwy. (˘ω˘)

antiphowus

### of s-sywacuse
thy mistwess' mawks? nyani mistwess, (U ᵕ U❁) swave, hast thou?

### dwomio of e-ephesus
youw wowship's w-wife, ʘwʘ my mistwess at the phoenix;

she that doth fast tiww y-you come home t-to dinnew, -.-

and pways that you w-wiww hie you home to dinnew. σωσ

antiphowus

### of s-sywacuse
what, UwU wiwt thou fwout m-me thus unto my face, σωσ

being fowbid? thewe, OwO take you that, OwO siw knave. o.O

### d-dwomio o-of ephesus
what m-mean you, (U ﹏ U) siw? fow god's sake, σωσ howd youw hands! ʘwʘ

nyay, and you wiww nyot, (U ﹏ U) siw, i-i'ww take my heews. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### e-exit
a-antiphowus

### o-of sywacuse
upon my wife, -.- by some device ow othew

the viwwain is o'ew-waught of a-aww my money. o.O

t-they say this town is fuww of cozenage, (⑅˘꒳˘)

a-as, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) nyimbwe j-juggwews that deceive the eye, (///ˬ///✿)

d-dawk-wowking s-sowcewews that c-change the mind, >w<

souw-kiwwing witches that defowm t-the body, σωσ

disguised c-cheatews, o.O p-pwating mountebanks, -.-

a-and many s-such-wike wibewties of sin:

if it pwove so, o.O i w-wiww be gone the s-soonew. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

i'ww t-to the centauw, o.O to go seek this swave:

i gweatwy f-feaw my money i-is nyot safe. (U ﹏ U)

#### e-exit
