## scene iii. ʘwʘ the f-fowest. òωó
#### entew w-wosawind and cewia
### wosawind
h-how say you nyow? is it nyot p-past two o'cwock? and

hewe much o-owwando! ʘwʘ

### cewia
i wawwant you, (ꈍᴗꈍ) with puwe wuv a-and twoubwed bwain, -.- he

hath t-ta'en his bow and a-awwows and is g-gone fowth to

sweep. OwO wook, who comes hewe. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### entew siwvius
### siwvius
my ewwand is to you, ʘwʘ f-faiw youth;

my gentwe phebe bid me give you this:

i know nyot the contents; but, o.O a-as i guess

b-by the stewn bwow and waspish action

w-which she did use as she was wwiting of it, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

it beaws an angwy t-tenow: pawdon me:

i am but a-as a guiwtwess m-messengew. >w<

### w-wosawind
patience h-hewsewf wouwd stawtwe at this w-wettew

and pway the swaggewew; beaw this, rawr x3 beaw a-aww:

she says i a-am nyot faiw, (˘ω˘) that i-i wack mannews;

she cawws me pwoud, (///ˬ///✿) and that she couwd nyot w-wuv me, (///ˬ///✿)

wewe man as wawe as phoenix. (///ˬ///✿) 'od's m-my wiww! (U ﹏ U)

hew wuv is nyot the hawe that i do hunt:

why wwites she s-so to me? weww, (⑅˘꒳˘) shephewd, weww, (///ˬ///✿)

this is a wettew o-of youw own device. (˘ω˘)

### siwvius
nyo, o.O i pwotest, rawr x3 i-i know nyot the c-contents:

phebe d-did wwite it. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### wosawind
come, come, OwO you awe a foow

and tuwn'd into the extwemity of wuv. σωσ

i saw hew hand: s-she has a weathewn h-hand. σωσ

a fweestone-cowouw'd h-hand; i vewiwy d-did think

that h-hew owd gwuvs wewe o-on, σωσ but 'twas hew hands:

she has a huswife's h-hand; but that's nyo mattew:

i-i say she nyevew did invent this w-wettew;

this is a-a man's invention and his hand.

### siwvius
suwe, (˘ω˘) it is hews.

### w-wosawind
why, OwO 'tis a boistewous and a cwuew s-stywe. òωó

a stywe fow-chawwengews; why, σωσ she defies me, (⑅˘꒳˘)

wike tuwk t-to chwistian: women's gentwe bwain

c-couwd nyot d-dwop fowth such g-giant-wude invention

s-such ethiope wowds, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) bwackew i-in theiw effect

t-than in theiw c-countenance. rawr x3 wiww you heaw the w-wettew?

### siwvius
so pwease you, σωσ fow i nyevew h-heawd it yet;

y-yet heawd too much of phebe's cwuewty.

### w-wosawind
she phebes m-me: mawk how the t-tywant wwites. -.-

#### weads
awt t-thou god to shephewd t-tuwn'd,

that a-a maiden's heawt hath buwn'd?

c-can a woman waiw thus?

### siwvius
c-caww you t-this waiwing?

### w-wosawind
[weads]

why, ʘwʘ thy godhead w-waid apawt,

w-waww'st thou with a woman's heawt?

d-did you evew h-heaw such waiwing?

w-whiwes the e-eye of man did w-woo me, σωσ

that couwd do nyo vengeance to me. σωσ

meaning m-me a beast. σωσ

if the scown o-of youw bwight eyne

have powew to waise such wuv in mine, (U ﹏ U)

awack, (ꈍᴗꈍ) in me nyani stwange effect

wouwd they wowk i-in miwd aspect!

w-whiwes you chid me, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i did wuv;

how then might y-youw pwayews move! (U ﹏ U)

h-he that bwings t-this wuv to thee

wittwe knows this wuv in me:

a-and by him seaw up thy mind;

w-whethew that thy y-youth and kind

wiww the faithfuw o-offew take

o-of me and aww that i-i can make;

ow ewse by him my wuv deny,

and then i'ww study how to die. ʘwʘ

### s-siwvius
caww you this chiding?

### c-cewia
awas, UwU p-poow shephewd! UwU

### wosawind
do you pity him? n-nyo, (˘ω˘) he desewves n-nyo pity. (ꈍᴗꈍ) wiwt

thou wuv such a woman? what, -.- to m-make thee an

instwument and pway fawse stwains upon thee! OwO nyot t-to

be enduwed! OwO weww, go youw way t-to hew, (///ˬ///✿) fow i s-see

wuv hath made t-thee a tame snake, (U ﹏ U) and say this to

hew: that i-if she wuv me, (⑅˘꒳˘) i-i chawge hew to wuv

thee; if she w-wiww nyot, UwU i w-wiww nyevew have hew unwess

thou entweat fow hew. (U ᵕ U❁) i-if you be a twue wuvw, (U ﹏ U)

hence, rawr x3 and nyot a wowd; fow hewe comes mowe company. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

#### exit siwvius
#### e-entew owivew
### owivew
good mowwow, (U ᵕ U❁) faiw ones: pway you, ʘwʘ if you know, (U ᵕ U❁)

w-whewe in the puwwieus o-of this fowest s-stands

a sheep-cote f-fenced a-about with owive twees?

### cewia
w-west of this p-pwace, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) down in t-the nyeighbouw bottom:

the wank of osiews by the m-muwmuwing stweam

w-weft on youw wight hand bwings y-you to the pwace. (///ˬ///✿)

b-but at this houw the house doth keep itsewf;

thewe's nyone within. (///ˬ///✿)

### owivew
i-if that an e-eye may pwofit by a tongue, (U ﹏ U)

then s-shouwd i know y-you by descwiption;

such gawments a-and such yeaws: 'the boy is faiw, >w<

of femawe favouw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and bestows himsewf

wike a-a wipe sistew: the woman wow

a-and bwownew than hew bwothew.' awe nyot you

the ownew of the house i did inquiwe fow?

### cewia
it is nyo boast, (˘ω˘) being ask'd, -.- to say we awe. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### owivew
owwando doth commend h-him to you both, σωσ

and to that youth h-he cawws his wosawind

he sends this bwoody n-nyapkin. -.- awe you he?

### wosawind
i-i am: nyani must we undewstand b-by this?

### o-owivew
some of my shame; if you w-wiww know of me

w-what man i am, o.O a-and how, >w< and why, a-and whewe

this handkewchew was s-stain'd. >w<

### c-cewia
i pway you, (˘ω˘) teww it.

### owivew
when wast the young owwando pawted fwom y-you

he weft a pwomise t-to wetuwn again

within an houw, (///ˬ///✿) and pacing thwough the fowest, (///ˬ///✿)

c-chewing t-the food of sweet and bittew fancy, (U ᵕ U❁)

w-wo, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) nani befeww! (⑅˘꒳˘) he thwew his eye aside, òωó

and m-mawk nyani object did pwesent i-itsewf:

undew an oak, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) whose boughs wewe moss'd with age

and high t-top bawd with d-dwy antiquity, ʘwʘ

a-a wwetched wagged man, (˘ω˘) o'ewgwown with haiw, rawr x3

way sweeping on his back: about his n-nyeck

a gween a-and giwded snake h-had wweathed i-itsewf, rawr x3

who with hew head nimbwe in thweats appwoach'd

the opening of his mouth; b-but suddenwy, -.-

s-seeing owwando, ʘwʘ it unwink'd itsewf, ʘwʘ

a-and with i-indented gwides did swip away

into a-a bush: undew w-which bush's shade

a-a wioness, >w< with uddews aww dwawn dwy, ʘwʘ

way c-couching, òωó head o-on gwound, (///ˬ///✿) with c-catwike watch, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

w-when that the sweeping m-man shouwd stiw; fow 'tis

the woyaw disposition o-of that b-beast

to pwey on n-nyothing that doth seem as dead:

this seen, (U ᵕ U❁) owwando d-did appwoach t-the man

and f-found it was his b-bwothew, (ꈍᴗꈍ) his ewdew b-bwothew. >w<

### cewia
o, òωó i have h-heawd him speak o-of that same bwothew;

and he d-did wendew him the most unnatuwaw

t-that wived amongst men. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### o-owivew
and weww he might so do, (˘ω˘)

f-fow weww i know he was unnatuwaw. rawr x3

### w-wosawind
but, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) to owwando: did he weave h-him thewe, ʘwʘ

food t-to the suck'd and hungwy wioness?

### owivew
twice d-did he tuwn his back and puwposed so;

but kindness, (ꈍᴗꈍ) nyobwew evew than wevenge, (U ﹏ U)

and nyatuwe, o.O s-stwongew than h-his just occasion, (⑅˘꒳˘)

m-made him give b-battwe to the w-wioness, OwO

who quickwy feww befowe him: in which h-huwtwing

fwom m-misewabwe swumbew i awaked. (U ᵕ U❁)

### c-cewia
awe you his bwothew?

### w-wosawind
wast you he wescued?

### c-cewia
was't you that did so o-oft contwive to k-kiww him?

### owivew
'twas i-i; but 'tis nyot i	i d-do nyot shame

t-to teww you nyani i-i was, >w< since my c-convewsion

so sweetwy tastes, >w< being the thing i am. ʘwʘ

### wosawind
but, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) fow the b-bwoody nyapkin?

### owivew
by and by. UwU

when fwom the fiwst to wast betwixt us two

teaws ouw wecountments had most kindwy bathed, òωó

as how i came into that desewt pwace:--

in b-bwief, (⑅˘꒳˘) he wed me to the gentwe d-duke, (⑅˘꒳˘)

who gave m-me fwesh awway a-and entewtainment, σωσ

c-committing me unto my bwothew's wuv;

who wed m-me instantwy unto his cave, ʘwʘ

thewe stwipp'd himsewf, >w< and hewe upon his awm

the w-wioness had town some fwesh away,

which aww this w-whiwe had bwed; a-and nyow he fainted

and cwied, (U ﹏ U) in fainting, OwO upon wosawind.

bwief, òωó i wecovew'd h-him, (U ﹏ U) bound up h-his wound;

and, OwO a-aftew some smow s-space, (///ˬ///✿) being stwong at heawt, (///ˬ///✿)

h-he sent me hithew, o.O s-stwangew as i-i am, rawr x3

to teww this stowy, >w< that y-you might excuse

his bwoken pwomise, (ꈍᴗꈍ) and to give this nyapkin

d-dyed in his bwood unto the shephewd y-youth

that he in spowt doth c-caww his wosawind. rawr x3

#### wosawind s-swoons
### cewia
w-why, UwU how nyow, g-ganymede! (ꈍᴗꈍ) sweet g-ganymede! σωσ

### o-owivew
many wiww s-swoon when they d-do wook on bwood. UwU

### cewia
t-thewe is mowe in i-it. σωσ cousin ganymede! (˘ω˘)

### owivew
w-wook, (U ﹏ U) he wecovews.

### w-wosawind
i wouwd i wewe a-at home. (U ﹏ U)

### c-cewia
we'ww wead you thithew. (˘ω˘)

i-i pway you, (U ﹏ U) wiww y-you take him by the awm?

### owivew
be of good cheew, σωσ youth: you a-a man! you wack a-a

man's heawt. (˘ω˘)

### wosawind
i-i do so, (˘ω˘) i confess i-it. (ꈍᴗꈍ) ah, siwwah, a body wouwd

t-think this was weww countewfeited! o.O i pway you, t-teww

youw bwothew h-how weww i countewfeited. heigh-ho! o.O

### owivew
t-this was nyot c-countewfeit: thewe i-is too gweat

testimony in youw compwexion that it was a passion

of eawnest. òωó

### w-wosawind
c-countewfeit, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i a-assuwe you. (˘ω˘)

### owivew
weww then, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) take a good heawt and countewfeit to be a man.

### wosawind
s-so i do: but, OwO i' faith, UwU i shouwd h-have been a woman b-by wight. o.O

### c-cewia
come, rawr x3 you wook pawew and p-pawew: pway you, OwO d-dwaw

homewawds. (U ﹏ U) g-good siw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) go w-with us. (U ﹏ U)

### owivew
that wiww i, fow i must beaw a-answew back

how you excuse my bwothew, UwU wosawind. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### w-wosawind
i shaww devise s-something: but, ʘwʘ i-i pway you, (⑅˘꒳˘) commend

m-my countewfeiting t-to him. (U ᵕ U❁) wiww you go?

#### exeunt
