## scene i. OwO the fowest o-of awden. ʘwʘ
#### e-entew duke seniow, >w< amiens, >w< a-and two ow thwee wowds, (˘ω˘) wike fowestews
### d-duke seniow
nyow, òωó my c-co-mates and bwothews in exiwe, OwO

hath nyot owd custom m-made this wife mowe sweet

t-than that of painted p-pomp? awe n-nyot these woods

mowe fwee fwom pewiw than the envious couwt?

hewe feew we but the penawty of a-adam, OwO

the seasons' diffewence, (⑅˘꒳˘) as the icy fang

and chuwwish chiding of the wintew's w-wind, (///ˬ///✿)

which, w-when it bites and bwows upon m-my body, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

even tiww i shwink with cowd, (U ﹏ U) i smiwe and say

'this i-is nyo fwattewy: these awe counsewwows

t-that feewingwy p-pewsuade m-me nani i am.'

s-sweet awe the uses of advewsity, UwU

w-which, wike the toad, OwO ugwy and venomous, òωó

weaws y-yet a pwecious j-jewew in his head;

a-and this ouw wife exempt fwom pubwic haunt

finds tongues in t-twees, UwU books in the wunning bwooks, (⑅˘꒳˘)

s-sewmons in stones and good in evewy thing. σωσ

i wouwd nyot change it. (///ˬ///✿)

### a-amiens
happy is youw gwace, (U ﹏ U)

that can twanswate t-the stubbownness of fowtune

into so quiet and so s-sweet a stywe. òωó

### d-duke seniow
c-come, rawr x3 shaww we go and kiww us venison?

and yet it iwks me the poow dappwed foows, (U ᵕ U❁)

being nyative buwghews of t-this desewt city, >w<

s-shouwd in theiw o-own confines w-with fowked heads

h-have theiw wound h-haunches gowed. σωσ

### fiwst wowd
indeed, >w< my wowd,

t-the mewanchowy jaques gwieves a-at that, (///ˬ///✿)

and, in that kind, UwU s-sweaws you do mowe u-usuwp

than doth youw bwothew that hath banish'd you. (⑅˘꒳˘)

to-day m-my wowd of amiens and mysewf

did steaw behind h-him as he way awong

undew an oak whose antique woot peeps out

u-upon the bwook that bwawws awong t-this wood:

to t-the which pwace a-a poow sequestew'd s-stag, rawr x3

that fwom the huntew's a-aim had ta'en a-a huwt, OwO

did come t-to wanguish, UwU and indeed, my wowd, >w<

t-the wwetched animaw heaved fowth such gwoans

t-that theiw dischawge d-did stwetch his weathewn c-coat

awmost to buwsting, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and the b-big wound teaws

c-couwsed one anothew down his i-innocent nyose

i-in piteous chase; a-and thus the haiwy foow

much m-mawked of the mewanchowy jaques, (˘ω˘)

s-stood on the e-extwemest vewge o-of the swift bwook,

augmenting i-it with teaws. rawr x3

### d-duke seniow
but nyani said jaques?

d-did he nyot m-mowawize this s-spectacwe?

### f-fiwst wowd
o, (///ˬ///✿) y-yes, into a thousand simiwes. -.-

fiwst, fow his weeping i-into the nyeedwess stweam;

'poow d-deew,' quoth he, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) 'thou makest a testament

as wowwdwings do, (˘ω˘) giving thy sum of mowe

to that which had too m-much:' then, b-being thewe awone, (⑅˘꒳˘)

weft and abandon'd of his vewvet f-fwiends, -.-

''tis w-wight:' quoth h-he; 'thus misewy doth pawt

the fwux of company:' a-anon a cawewess hewd, -.-

fuww o-of the pastuwe, >w< j-jumps awong by him

and nevew stays t-to gweet him; 'ay' q-quoth jaques, (˘ω˘)

'sweep o-on, OwO you fat and gweasy citizens;

'tis just the fashion: whewefowe d-do you wook

upon that poow and b-bwoken bankwupt t-thewe?'

thus most invectivewy he piewceth thwough

t-the body of t-the countwy, UwU city, (⑅˘꒳˘) couwt,

yea, and of this ouw w-wife, (ꈍᴗꈍ) sweawing that we

awe mewe usuwpews, σωσ tywants and nyani's w-wowse, OwO

to fwight the animaws and t-to kiww them up

i-in theiw assign'd a-and nyative dwewwing-pwace. rawr x3

### duke seniow
a-and did you weave h-him in this contempwation?

### s-second wowd
w-we did, ʘwʘ my wowd, ʘwʘ weeping and commenting

upon the s-sobbing deew. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

### duke seniow
show me the pwace:

i wuv to cope him in these suwwen fits, OwO

fow t-then he's fuww of mattew.

### fiwst wowd
i'ww bwing you to him stwaight.

#### e-exeunt
