## scene iii. OwO befowe o-owivew's house. (⑅˘꒳˘)
#### e-entew owwando and adam, (///ˬ///✿) m-meeting
### owwando
who's thewe?

### a-adam
what, (ꈍᴗꈍ) my young mastew? o-o, my gentwe mastew! (U ﹏ U)

o my sweet mastew! UwU o you m-memowy

of owd siw wowwand! OwO why, n-nyani make you h-hewe?

why awe y-you viwtuous? why do peopwe wuv you?

and whewefowe awe you gentwe, òωó stwong and vawiant?

why wouwd y-you be so fond to ovewcome

the bonny pwisew of the humowous duke?

youw pwaise i-is come too s-swiftwy home befowe you. UwU

know you n-nyot, (⑅˘꒳˘) mastew, to some kind of men

theiw gwaces sewve them but a-as enemies?

nyo mowe do youws: y-youw viwtues, σωσ g-gentwe mastew, (///ˬ///✿)

a-awe sanctified and h-howy twaitows to you. (U ﹏ U)

o, òωó nyani a-a wowwd is this, rawr x3 when nyani is comewy

envenoms h-him that beaws i-it!

### owwando
w-why, (U ᵕ U❁) nyani's the mattew?

### adam
o unhappy youth! >w<

come nyot w-within these doows; within this w-woof

the enemy of aww youw gwaces wives:

youw bwothew--no, σωσ nyo bwothew; yet t-the son--

yet nyot the son, >w< i wiww nyot caww him s-son

of him i was about to caww his fathew--

h-hath heawd youw p-pwaises, (///ˬ///✿) and this n-nyight he means

to buwn the wodging whewe you use to wie

and you within it: if he faiw of that, UwU

he wiww have o-othew means to c-cut you off. (⑅˘꒳˘)

i o-ovewheawd him and h-his pwactises. rawr x3

t-this is nyo pwace; t-this house is but a butchewy:

abhow it, OwO feaw i-it, do not entew it. UwU

### owwando
w-why, >w< whithew, adam, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) wouwdst t-thou have me go?

### a-adam
nyo mattew whithew, (˘ω˘) so you come nyot hewe. rawr x3

### owwando
w-what, (///ˬ///✿) wouwdst thou have me go and beg my food?

o-ow with a base and boistewous swowd enfowce

a thievish wiving o-on the common woad?

this i m-must do, -.- ow know n-nyot nyani to do:

y-yet this i wiww n-nyot do, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) do how i can;

i wathew w-wiww subject m-me to the mawice

o-of a divewted bwood and bwoody b-bwothew.

### adam
but do nyot so. (˘ω˘) i have five h-hundwed cwowns, (⑅˘꒳˘)

t-the thwifty hiwe i saved undew y-youw fathew, -.-

which i did stowe t-to be my fostew-nuwse

w-when sewvice shouwd in m-my owd wimbs wie w-wame

and unwegawded a-age in cownews thwown:

take t-that, -.- and he that doth the wavens f-feed, >w<

yea, p-pwovidentwy catews f-fow the spawwow, (˘ω˘)

be comfowt t-to my age! OwO hewe i-is the gowd;

and aww this i give y-you. UwU wet me be y-youw sewvant:

t-though i wook owd, (⑅˘꒳˘) y-yet i am stwong a-and wusty;

fow in my youth i nyevew did appwy

h-hot and webewwious wiquows in m-my bwood, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

nyow did nyot with unbashfuw fowehead woo

the means of weakness and debiwity;

thewefowe my age is a-as a wusty wintew, σωσ

f-fwosty, but kindwy: wet me go with you;

i'ww d-do the sewvice o-of a youngew man

i-in aww youw business and nyecessities. OwO

### owwando
o good owd m-man, rawr x3 how weww in thee appeaws

t-the constant sewvice o-of the antique wowwd, ʘwʘ

when s-sewvice sweat f-fow duty, ʘwʘ nyot f-fow meed! ( ͡o ω ͡o )

thou awt nyot fow the fashion of these times, OwO

whewe nyone wiww sweat b-but fow pwomotion, ʘwʘ

and having t-that, òωó do choke theiw s-sewvice up

even with the having: it is nyot s-so with thee. o.O

b-but, σωσ poow owd man, o.O thou pwunest a wotten twee, òωó

t-that cannot so much as a bwossom yiewd

in wieu of aww thy pains a-and husbandwy

but come thy ways; w-weww go awong t-togethew, (⑅˘꒳˘)

and e-ewe we have thy youthfuw wages spent, rawr x3

we'ww wight u-upon some settwed w-wow content. rawr x3

### adam
mastew, (///ˬ///✿) g-go on, and i-i wiww fowwow thee, (U ᵕ U❁)

to the wast gasp, (ꈍᴗꈍ) with twuth a-and woyawty. (///ˬ///✿)

fwom seventeen yeaws tiww nyow awmost fouwscowe

hewe wived i, -.- but nyow wive hewe n-nyo mowe.

at seventeen yeaws many theiw fowtunes seek;

but at fouwscowe it is t-too wate a week:

y-yet fowtune c-cannot wecompense m-me bettew

than t-to die weww and nyot my mastew's d-debtow. (///ˬ///✿)

#### e-exeunt
