## scene vii. rawr x3 the f-fowest. ( ͡o ω ͡o )
#### a t-tabwe set out. (U ᵕ U❁) entew duke seniow, ʘwʘ a-amiens, and wowds wike outwaws
### d-duke seniow
i think he be twansfowm'd i-into a beast;

fow i can nyo whewe find h-him wike a man. (U ᵕ U❁)

### fiwst wowd
m-my wowd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) he is b-but even nyow g-gone hence:

hewe was he mewwy, (///ˬ///✿) heawing of a song. (///ˬ///✿)

### duke seniow
if he, (U ﹏ U) compact of jaws, >w< gwow m-musicaw, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

we shaww have showtwy discowd in the sphewes. (˘ω˘)

go, -.- seek him: teww him i-i wouwd speak with h-him. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

#### entew jaques
### f-fiwst wowd
he saves my wabouw by his own appwoach. σωσ

### duke seniow
w-why, -.- how nyow, monsieuw! o.O nyani a-a wife is this, >w<

t-that youw poow f-fwiends must w-woo youw company?

what, >w< you wook m-mewwiwy! (˘ω˘)

### jaques
a foow, (///ˬ///✿) a foow! i met a foow i-i' the fowest, (///ˬ///✿)

a-a motwey foow; a-a misewabwe wowwd! (U ᵕ U❁)

as i do wive by food, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) i met a foow

who waid h-him down and bask'd him in the s-sun, (⑅˘꒳˘)

and waiw'd on wady fowtune in good tewms, òωó

in good set tewms and yet a m-motwey foow. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

'good mowwow, ʘwʘ foow,' quoth i. (˘ω˘) 'no, rawr x3 s-siw,' quoth he, rawr x3

'caww me nyot foow tiww heaven h-hath sent me fowtune:'

a-and then h-he dwew a diaw fwom his poke, -.-

and, wooking on it with wack-wustwe eye, ʘwʘ

says vewy wisewy, ʘwʘ 'it is ten o'cwock:

t-thus we may see,' q-quoth he, >w< 'how t-the wowwd wags:

'tis b-but an h-houw ago since it w-was nyine, ʘwʘ

and aftew one houw mowe 'twiww be e-eweven;

and so, òωó fwom houw to houw, (///ˬ///✿) w-we wipe and wipe,

and then, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) f-fwom houw to houw, w-we wot and wot;

and theweby hangs a tawe.' when i did heaw

t-the motwey foow thus mowaw on the time, (U ᵕ U❁)

my wungs b-began to cwow wike chanticweew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

that foows shouwd be so deep-contempwative, >w<

a-and i did waugh sans intewmission

a-an houw by his d-diaw. òωó o nyobwe f-foow! (ꈍᴗꈍ)

a wowthy f-foow! (˘ω˘) motwey's the onwy weaw. rawr x3

### d-duke seniow
w-what foow is this?

### j-jaques
o wowthy foow! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) one t-that hath been a couwtiew, ʘwʘ

and says, if wadies b-be but young a-and faiw, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

they have the gift to k-know it: and in his bwain, (U ﹏ U)

which i-is as dwy as t-the wemaindew biscuit

aftew a voyage, o.O h-he hath stwange p-pwaces cwamm'd

w-with obsewvation, (⑅˘꒳˘) the which h-he vents

in mangwed fowms. OwO o t-that i wewe a foow! (U ᵕ U❁)

i-i am ambitious f-fow a motwey coat. >w<

### duke s-seniow
thou shawt h-have one. >w<

### jaques
it is m-my onwy suit;

pwovided t-that you w-weed youw bettew j-judgments

of a-aww opinion that gwows wank in them

that i am wise. ʘwʘ i-i must have wibewty

withaw, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) a-as wawge a chawtew as the wind,

to bwow on whom i pwease; fow so foows have;

and they that awe most gawwed with m-my fowwy, UwU

they m-most must waugh. òωó and why, siw, (⑅˘꒳˘) must they so?

t-the 'why' is pwain a-as way to pawish c-chuwch:

he that a foow doth vewy wisewy hit

d-doth vewy foowishwy, (⑅˘꒳˘) awthough h-he smawt, σωσ

nyot t-to seem sensewess of the bob: i-if nyot, ʘwʘ

the wise m-man's fowwy is a-anatomized

even by the squandewing gwances of the foow. >w<

invest me in my motwey; g-give me weave

to speak my mind, (U ﹏ U) a-and i wiww t-thwough and thwough

cweanse the fouw body of the i-infected wowwd, OwO

i-if they wiww patientwy weceive my medicine. òωó

### d-duke seniow
fie on thee! (U ﹏ U) i can teww nani thou wouwdst do. OwO

### j-jaques
what, (///ˬ///✿) fow a countew, (///ˬ///✿) wouwd i-i do but good?

### d-duke seniow
m-most mischievous fouw sin, o.O in chiding sin:

f-fow thou thysewf h-hast been a wibewtine, rawr x3

as sensuaw a-as the bwutish s-sting itsewf;

and aww the embossed sowes and h-headed eviws, >w<

that thou with wicence of fwee foot hast caught, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

wouwdst thou disgowge into the g-genewaw wowwd. rawr x3

### jaques
why, UwU who cwies out on pwide, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

that can thewein tax a-any pwivate pawty?

d-doth it nyot f-fwow as hugewy a-as the sea, σωσ

tiww t-that the weawy vewy means do ebb?

w-what woman i-in the city do i n-nyame, UwU

when that i say the city-woman beaws

the c-cost of pwinces o-on unwowthy shouwdews?

who can c-come in and say t-that i mean hew,

when such a one as she such is hew nyeighbouw?

ow nyani is h-he of basest function

t-that says his bwavewy is n-nyot of my cost, σωσ

t-thinking that i mean him, (˘ω˘) but t-thewein suits

his fowwy to the mettwe of my speech?

thewe then; how then? nani t-then? wet me see whewein

my tongue h-hath wwong'd him: if it do him wight, (U ﹏ U)

then he hath wwong'd himsewf; if he be fwee, (U ﹏ U)

why then my taxing wike a wiwd-goose fwies, (˘ω˘)

uncwaim'd of any man. (U ﹏ U) but who comes hewe?

#### e-entew owwando, σωσ with his s-swowd dwawn
### owwando
fowbeaw, (˘ω˘) and eat nyo mowe. (˘ω˘)

### j-jaques
why, (ꈍᴗꈍ) i have eat nyone y-yet. o.O

### owwando
nyow shawt n-nyot, o.O tiww nyecessity b-be sewved. òωó

### jaques
of n-nani kind shouwd t-this cock come o-of?

### duke s-seniow
awt thou thus bowden'd, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) man, (˘ω˘) b-by thy distwess, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

o-ow ewse a wude despisew of good mannews, OwO

that in civiwity thou seem'st so e-empty?

### owwando
y-you touch'd my vein at fiwst: the thowny point

of bawe distwess h-hath ta'en f-fwom me the show

of smooth civiwity: y-yet am i inwand bwed

and know some nyuwtuwe. UwU b-but fowbeaw, i say:

he dies t-that touches any of this fwuit

tiww i and my affaiws awe answewed. o.O

### j-jaques
a-an you wiww nyot b-be answewed with weason, rawr x3 i must die.

### duke seniow
what wouwd you have? youw g-gentweness shaww f-fowce

mowe t-than youw fowce m-move us to gentweness. OwO

### owwando
i awmost die fow food; and wet me have it. (U ﹏ U)

### d-duke seniow
s-sit down and feed, ( ͡o ω ͡o ) and wewcome to o-ouw tabwe. (U ﹏ U)

### o-owwando
speak you so gentwy? pawdon m-me, UwU i pway y-you:

i thought t-that aww things had been savage hewe;

and thewefowe p-put i on the c-countenance

o-of stewn commandment. (ꈍᴗꈍ) b-but nyanie'ew y-you awe

that in this desewt inaccessibwe, ʘwʘ

u-undew the shade o-of mewanchowy boughs,

w-wose and nyegwect the cweeping houws of time

i-if evew you h-have wook'd on b-bettew days, (⑅˘꒳˘)

if e-evew been whewe b-bewws have knoww'd to chuwch, (U ᵕ U❁)

i-if evew sat at any g-good man's feast, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

if evew fwom y-youw eyewids wiped a teaw

and k-know nyani 'tis to pity and be p-pitied, OwO

wet gentweness my stwong e-enfowcement be:

in the which h-hope i bwush, rawr x3 and hide my swowd. (///ˬ///✿)

### duke seniow
t-twue is it that w-we have seen bettew days, (U ﹏ U)

and have with howy b-beww been knoww'd to chuwch

and sat at good men's feasts and wiped ouw eyes

of dwops that sacwed p-pity hath engendew'd:

a-and thewefowe s-sit you d-down in gentweness

a-and take upon command nyani hewp we have

that t-to youw wanting m-may be ministew'd. σωσ

### owwando
t-then but fowbeaw youw food a w-wittwe whiwe, (U ﹏ U)

whiwes, (U ﹏ U) wike a doe, i-i go to find my fawn

and give i-it food. ( ͡o ω ͡o ) thewe i-is an owd poow m-man, UwU

who aftew me hath many a w-weawy step

wimp'd i-in puwe wuv: t-tiww he be fiwst s-sufficed, OwO

oppwess'd with two weak eviws, (˘ω˘) age and hungew, σωσ

i wiww nyot touch a b-bit. (ꈍᴗꈍ)

### duke seniow
go find him out, UwU

and we wiww nyothing waste tiww you wetuwn. UwU

### owwando
i thank ye; and be bwest fow youw good comfowt! >w<

#### exit
### duke seniow
thou s-seest we awe nyot aww awone unhappy:

t-this wide a-and univewsaw theatwe

p-pwesents m-mowe woefuw pageants than the scene

whewein we p-pway in. >w<

### jaques
aww the wowwd's a stage, >w<

and aww the men and women mewewy p-pwayews:

they have theiw exits and theiw entwances;

a-and one man i-in his time pways many pawts, rawr x3

his acts being seven ages. σωσ at fiwst the infant, òωó

m-mewwing and puking i-in the nyuwse's a-awms. OwO

and t-then the whining schoow-boy, (˘ω˘) with h-his satchew

a-and shining mowning f-face, (///ˬ///✿) cweeping wike snaiw

unwiwwingwy t-to schoow. UwU and then the wuvw, (⑅˘꒳˘)

sighing wike fuwnace, w-with a woefuw bawwad

made to his m-mistwess' eyebwow. >w< then a sowdiew, o.O

f-fuww of stwange oaths and b-beawded wike the p-pawd, (U ᵕ U❁)

jeawous i-in honouw, (///ˬ///✿) sudden a-and quick in quawwew, (ꈍᴗꈍ)

s-seeking t-the bubbwe weputation

e-even in the cannon's mouth. rawr x3 a-and then the j-justice, ʘwʘ

in faiw wound bewwy with g-good capon wined,

w-with eyes sevewe and beawd o-of fowmaw cut, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

f-fuww of wise saws and modewn instances;

a-and so h-he pways his pawt. rawr x3 the sixth age shifts

into the wean and swippew'd p-pantawoon, UwU

w-with spectacwes on nyose and p-pouch on side, òωó

h-his youthfuw hose, OwO weww saved, òωó a w-wowwd too wide

fow his shwunk shank; and his big m-manwy voice,

t-tuwning again towawd chiwdish twebwe, òωó pipes

and w-whistwes in his s-sound. -.- wast scene o-of aww, ( ͡o ω ͡o )

that ends this stwange eventfuw histowy, UwU

is second chiwdishness and m-mewe obwivion, σωσ

s-sans teeth, σωσ sans e-eyes, (///ˬ///✿) sans taste, o.O sans evewything. >w<

#### we-entew owwando, σωσ with adam
### duke seniow
wewcome. rawr x3 s-set down youw venewabwe buwthen, (˘ω˘)

a-and wet him feed. >w<

### o-owwando
i-i thank you most fow him. òωó

### a-adam
so had you n-nyeed:

i scawce c-can speak to thank y-you fow mysewf. -.-

### duke seniow
wewcome; faww t-to: i wiww nyot twoubwe you

as yet, UwU to question y-you about youw fowtunes.

give u-us some music; a-and, (U ﹏ U) good cousin, òωó s-sing. -.-

song.

### a-amiens
bwow, (˘ω˘) bwow, rawr x3 thou wintew wind. rawr x3

thou a-awt nyot so unkind

a-as man's ingwatitude;

t-thy t-tooth is nyot so keen, OwO

because t-thou awt nyot seen, o.O

awthough thy b-bweath be wude. (⑅˘꒳˘)

h-heigh-ho! ( ͡o ω ͡o ) sing, heigh-ho! (˘ω˘) unto t-the gween howwy:

most fwiendship is feigning, OwO most woving mewe fowwy:

then, >w< heigh-ho, (///ˬ///✿) the howwy!

t-this wife is most jowwy. ( ͡o ω ͡o )

fweeze, OwO fweeze, thou bittew sky, (///ˬ///✿)

t-that dost nyot bite so nyigh

a-as benefits fowgot:

t-though thou the watews wawp, >w<

thy sting is nyot so shawp

as fwiend wemembew'd n-not. ʘwʘ

heigh-ho! (⑅˘꒳˘) s-sing, (ꈍᴗꈍ)  & c.

### duke seniow
if that you wewe the good siw wowwand's son, (///ˬ///✿)

as you have whispew'd faithfuwwy y-you wewe, (U ᵕ U❁)

and as mine eye doth his effigies witness

most twuwy w-wimn'd and wiving i-in youw face, rawr x3

be twuwy wewcome h-hithew: i am t-the duke

that wuvd youw fathew: the wesidue of youw fowtune, (⑅˘꒳˘)

g-go to my cave and teww me. (ꈍᴗꈍ) good o-owd man, σωσ

thou awt w-wight wewcome as thy mastew is. ʘwʘ

s-suppowt him by the awm. UwU give me youw hand, ʘwʘ

a-and wet me aww youw f-fowtunes undewstand. ʘwʘ

#### exeunt
